I would first talk to my colleague about changing their vacation week. If that didn't work I would talk to my supervisor. I would ask who requested to have the week off first. If my colleague asked first then I would change my vacation week. If not, I would ask that my supervisor tell them to change their vacation.
I would let my colleague have their vacation, but I would make sure to let my supervisor know that I'm being the bigger person.  I'd also ask for first dibs on vacation time if a new conflict ever arises in the future.  I'd hope that my colleague would be appreciative of my sacrifice.
I would let my colleague take it if they are so insistent upon it. I could take it another week and I'd be doing a solid for someone else which is always good. It would give me more time to plan my vacation as well.
I would take the liberty to change my plans. I don't mind working an extra week, so long as I get my time. So long as business runs smoothly, I'm happy.
It would depend on who has been there the longest and if my plans could be changed; if I have an airline ticket or reservations than cannot be changed without penalty, I would fight it. If I can change them without losing money and the co worker is someone I normally get along with, I would change my vacation.
I would see if I could change my vacation plans to another week because that would be the easiest way to deal with the situation. I would talk to my family to see if they are okay with that because their schedules have to sync up with mine. I would talk to my colleague to see if there is anything I can do to get them to change it because sometimes people can change their minds if you present them with an alternative they like.
I would be willing to give up my vacation time for my colleague. I would do this since I will be owed a favor from that colleague in the future for this sacrifice I'm doing for him. I would use that favor to help me advance my career.
I would change my week, as long as I had no pressing plans. If I am taking vacation for a specific event, I would talk to my coworker and see if we could compromise. But if I was just vacationing to relax, I would not care about changing my vacation.
If I hadn’t already booked my trip (I usually travel on Amtrak), I would be willing to change my dates.  But I would want to know from the supervisor, when my co-worker put in her request for vacation.  If I put mine in sooner and had already made all my plans, I would probably tell her that my plans are complete and I put in my request before he/she did and my co-worker would have to change her dates.
It depended on my plans. If they are flexible, then I would be cool switching. If I had something planned where I was going to be traveling, then i would be more concerned. If my colleague didn't have to travel and I did, then i would approach them about the situation. If they still wouldn't change, then I would go to the supervisor to see if they could do something.
i would try to find out why the colleague is not willing to change their vacation plans. It would also depend upon why I asked for that particular week. If either or both of us have a specific reason for needing that week off, I would try to work with the colleague to see if we can schedule vacation so that we can both attend our events. If I was just taking a week for vacation, without any specific reason in mind, then I would probably be willing to take it a different week.
I would tell my colleague that I would be willing to move my vacation if he covered for me the next time. I would secure a hard to get week later in the year like Thanksgiving or Christmas by making a deal. If he agrees, I would consider it a win.
I would try and change my plans for the week if my colleague couldn't do so. Maybe there was an important reason why she couldn't take a different week. If I could do it without any repercussions, I would change my week. It's not the end of the world. I'm still getting a week vacation and would be thankful for that alone.
I would change my vacation plans. I would reschedule my vacation a week or two after he came back. I would ask him to let me know when he is planning on taking a vacation in order to avoid any future conflicts. I would also let him in on my vacation plans.
I would change my vacation week. I would do so because I'd want to be a team player. However I would make a point with my colleague and supervisor that I want credit for being accommodating now should I need some flexibility for time off in the future.
I would approach my colleague, find out his plans, compare them to mine and see which ones could be more easily adapted. If I am planning on actually going somewhere and have made the arrangements and bought the tickets, or paid for the hotels, I wouldn't be able to switch so easily. I might even hve to have a discussion with my supervisor and let him know when I applied for the time in relation to my coworker and the plans I have made.
I would attempt to plead my case to my colleague and supervisor. I would be prepared to concede the vacation week if it really isn't possible for my colleague to do so, and the workplace would really be too understaffed.
I would ask my boss who requested the time off first. If we both requested it at the same time, the person who has seniority over the other should be allowed to take it, otherwise whoever asked for it first. I think this should also be the policy going forward.
I'd just take a different week off for my vacation. I'd probably stay home for my vacation anyway so it's not a big deal. But I'd make sure that colleague knows he owes me a favor.
I would first try to ascertain which of the two of us requested leave first.  If my colleague did, I would give up my claim on the date.  If I did, I would address to my supervisor the fact that I requested leave first for that date, and should therefore be given priority.  If I was unable to ascertain who had made the request first, or we had both made the request at the same time, I would request that the supervisor use some unbiased means (perhaps a coin flip) to determine who got to take their vacation and who had to reschedule.  Ultimately it is the supervisor's responsibility to deal with conflicts like thus, if there is no obviously right or wrong party.
I would try to work out a compromise with the other employee first, to see if we could both take part of the week off. If this did not work out, I would try to change my plans and work this week to accommodate the other person. However, if I gave up my vacation, I would inform my manager so they know that I was being a good teammate.
I would speak to my supervisor to see who requested the vacation first. If it was my colleague, then I would agree to change my week. If it was me who requested it first, I would tell my supervisor that it's only fair that my colleague change his request.
I would ask my supervisor who receives priority over the vacation. If I requested first, then I will continue to argue that I should receive the vacation. If my co-worker requested first, then I would gladly give up my spot but try to encourage him/her to give up the next spot. It's like the co-worker would owe me.
I would try to reschedule my vacation week if possible just to keep things good between us. I would do whatever it takes to stay on good terms with my supervisor. I consider myself a team player, so I would try to work something out. and revise my plans.
I would change my vacation dates, so long as it wasn't too big of a hassle. If I already had my hotel booked as well as flight and all that I would not change plans. If it was earlier on and I could still get my deposit back in my plane ticket I would be willing to change vacation days.
I would likely change my plans.  It would depend on my personal situation.  If It was too disruptive to make the change, I would talk to my co worker to see if a deal could be made.
I would advice my colleague that he should try the best he can to change his vacation plans, as mine is already requested and is unlikely that he/she would get it granted above mine that was already sent. The company is unlikely to be unfair and move my week, in favor to your that was requested later.
I would lie to the employee I'm supposed to work it out with. I'd say that the vacation time is for the purpose of visiting some elderly family members who are ailing so that they would feel guilted into giving me the vacation time. If that didn't work, I'd insist to my manager that, based on either my seniority or (if that was not relevant), my value and hard work for the organization, that I should get the week off.
I believe the one who put in the request first should get the vacation.  If I was first I'd explain that and tell them that if they want a week off, they need to say something before I had mine planned. If they were first, I'd change my week.
I would try to speak with my coworker and see if they'd budge, or at least meet me halfway by perhaps delaying their vacation week by a few days. If not, I'd talk to my manager to see who asked for the vacation week off first. If that all fails, I'd probably just move my vacation to a different week, because by then I'd imagine I'd be sick of fighting over it, honestly.
I would try to change my plans. I prefer to maintain positive working relationships with my colleagues, so I would try to be accommodating. If traveling for a family reunion, wedding or other event that couldn't be changed, I would let my colleague know to see if, based on the additional information, they could change. If they still couldn't, I would ask my boss if she would be o.k. for both of us being out, for a day or two and if approved, I would just take a shorter vacation.
I would change my vacation time to accomodate my coworker. I would do this because it doesn't matter when I take vacation as long as I still get to take vacation. I would want to show my employer that I am flexible and a team player and it would reflect well on me.
If I had plans that could be changed, I would change them and take vacation during a different week. If my plans could not be changed, I would inform my supervisor of that. I would not discuss it with the co-worker, as the outcome is not his decision.
I would likely change my vacation plans to a different week, probably the week after. I feel like it's not worth fighting over and I would enjoy my vacation the same regardless of what week it's on. I think it must be important for them to have the vacation on that week and I don't want to make things hard on them.
I would explain to my colleague that I also have vacation plans that can't be moved. I would explain that I have a unique family situation that requires me to take that week off, and it would be a significant hardship to move my plans. In fact, it could not be done at all. I would also reason with my colleague that I haven't taken vacation in a longer time than him, and thus should have my vacation plans stand. I would take a pretty hard stance on this because I shouldn't be the one to budge if my colleague has similar or worse reasons for not budging.
I would consider whether they had worker there longer than me, If I had been there longer than them I would not back down but tell he boss that it has to done by te tie of hiring.If the other had been ther elonger than me I would change my plans for the vacation so there would be not hard feelings about it
I would most likely be more than willing to change my week.  I wouldn't have finalized my plans anyway, before I got the approval from my boss.  I would try to be nice and accommodating for both my boss and coworker and I would just take a different week.
I would take a look at my own schedule to see if it was more mobile. As it is likely that is is, I would change my schedule.  If I could not change it, I would try to work out a compromise. If that failed, I would ask my supervisor who requested first.
I would reconsider my plans for vacation. If I have no commitments out of work (e.g. the vacation is needed to spend time with family), then I would change my plans.
I would not book a vacation without making sure I could get the days off first.  I would change my vacation dates.  I would then find the best deal for another date, especially if my co-worker already booked their vacation. Or I would find out who had the day reserved first.
I would say my vacation plans were not able to be changed and stick to taking my vacation. I don't feel like i should have to give up my plans if I already planned on taking it off. I might try and find someone to cover my work while I was absent.
I would change my vacation plans if it didn't inconvenience me.  If it inconvenienced me I would ask our supervisor to decide who gets the desired vacation time.  If still not satisfactory I would consider offering money to the colleague if I was really serious.  Otherwise if I got my way, I would let the colleague get their way the next time.
I would not have a problem with rescheduling my vacation.  I would assume my colleague had big plans for his vacation.  Vacation for me would no doubt involve simply not being at work--no particular plans.
I would change my vacation plans and let my colleague take his/her vacation on the week that I had planned my vacation. It doesn't make sense to cause workplace tensions over leisure activities. If I were to try and fight with my colleague over who gets to take vacation, it would only complicate our relationship and make things worse in the long run. I feel that by conceding, I not only avoid unnecessary tension, I improve my standing with my supervisor. If any conflicts arise in the future, I will be able to point to this particular incident to show that I had already made a concession and that other people will need to reciprocate to maintain fairness in the workplace.
I would be willing to change my vacation request.  I would, however, require that I be given the opportunity to select whatever week I wanted outside of this week.  I would also hope that my manager note my flexibility in this issue.
I run into this all the time.  It would depend on what my plans were.  Did I have airline tickets that could not be changed.  Who made the request first.  If I made it first and had firm plans I would not change mine to accommodate them.  If I was just going to be around home than I would have no problem taking a different week as long as the same consideration was made for me in the future.
I would look to see how important the week I needed off was. Then I would change if it wasn't important. If it was important, then I would make a case to my colleague and my boss to explain why.
I would compromise in this situation and give up my week of vacation but only if I had not yet made reservations or paid nonrefundable deposits. I would graciously conceded my vacation to make my coworker happy. However, I would also make it clear that I will be taking my vacation at a later time and that I would get precedence over my coworker to take time off at that time.
I would let them have the vacation if and only if my plans could be delayed. Otherwise, I would hopefully have gained enough favor with my supervisor to convince him/her to give me the vacation. I would also start looking for another job if this became a big issue.
I would say it is OK for this time but I will take the next vacation. I don't want to create a tension between us but I will make sure everything will be fair. I hope s/he will know that I try to understand his/her position but it has to be mutual.
I would also tell the boss that I'm not changing my plans and ask him what he wants us to do. I know if I have plans I've already purchases plane tickets and booked hotel rooms.
I would talk to my supervisor about the situation. I would ask to see if there was some sort of solution. If I was the first to request vacation I would not back down and let them have it. If it came to it, I would see if we could do a draw to solve it.
I would refuse to change my vacation plans, and invent all manner of excuses for why I could not do so. If that didn't work I would evaluate my situation and one of two things would happen:    1: I would quit right there, with likely a lot of profanity and telling them exactly what I thought of them.    2: Were my situation desperate I would change my vacation plans, but then my colleague would be marked. I would get even with that son of a bitch, one-way-or-another. The more I could make them suffer, the better, so long as it can't be proven that I was responsible.    I do not consider my coworkers to be "colleagues". I consider them to be people that I must tolerate to a degree in order to keep my job and income source. I will smile at them, and put up with their stupidity to an extent, but some things are intolerable to me. Affecting MY vacation, MY time away from these fools, is one of them!
Change my dates and then talk smack about them when they leave. Fill up in rage there that week while overdosing on black coffee. When they come back just stare at them at there cube.
I would ask my colleague what it would take to compromise on a solution. I would offer splitting the same week off with my colleague. I would then ask my supervisor if that was an equitable solution. I would propose dates before and after the week as a solution.
I would take my vacation at a different time then. I desire peace at work so I would try to seek a compromise with my colleague, gaining a preference for time at a later date. I see no reason not to be adult about the situation.
I would suggest that we see who requested the vacation first.  Then the first person would get it and the second would have to reschedule theirs.
I would try and negotiate with both my supervisor and colleague.  If for some reason they couldn't find a replacement for me for that time, I guess I will be forced to change my plans. Although, I don't want to have to do that, but maybe my supervisor would think that I am a flexible employee.
I would suggest that the first one of us to request the vacation days gets the vacation time.  I would assess the reason we both want vacations and see which is more valid and less movable.  I would consult our supervisor and make them make the decision based on what I wrote earlier.  I would take the time off if it were approved and I needed the time off unless the coworker had a strong reason to take off and I had a weak reason and the rescheduling of my vacation would not cause me undue hardship unless compensated by the organization
I would change my vacation week, because I am a better employee than he or she. We can't both be off work at the same time because then the other people at work would suffer because of our selfishness. Also, the other employee/ or even my boss now kind of owes me...
I would change it. Unless they have been on vacation more recently than I have,
I would act depending on what my plans were. If I had something booked that was non-refundable, for instance, I would let my coworker know and see if we could work it out somehow. If I had an open week with no plans, I would have no problem with giving that particular week to my colleague and rescheduling my vacation time.
I would try to discuss it with my co-worker. I would give him my point of view so that he might be willing to change dates. If that is not possible i would suck it up and try to make another date work for me. I would want to know who requested time off first.
I would probably let my colleague take that time. I usually do not go anywhere on vacation, so it wouldn't be that big of a deal.  As long as I got another week off, I would be good.
I would seek to change my own plans. I'm generally not confrontational and would attempt to avoid disagreement. If this would not work, I would possibly try to find someone to cover my shift, if acceptable.
I would discuss with my colleague about the reasons why they want those specific days for vacation and I would try to compromise with them on letting them have some of those days and keep the rest for myself. Of course if I don't have any particular reasons to take my vacation on that week, I could just let them have it.
It would depend on a few things.  Who had more seniority,  who put the time in first,  and who had someone to cover then while absent.  So it depends on those factors.
I would change my plans. My vacations are usually randomly planned and somewhat close to home. This would make it easier for me to move my vacation.
I would try to reason with them as I would like the vacation as well. If we cannot split the time then I would try to work out a way where I would be able to take off during the holiday months instead.
I would see if I could change my plans. Then I would immediately notify my supervisor of the new dates for my vacation. I would also notify my colleague of my new plans. I would let my colleague know that next time this happens, I will take my vacation as originally planned.
It would depend on several factors, but off the get go I would be upset. I would more than likely change my plans if push came to shove. I don't do well with personnel conflict issues. Also my plans are normally fluid for vacation.
I would speak to the employee and explain that I have been there longer, Also that I have children and I need to plan my vacations around there schedule and I would see if they would reconsider.
I would not change my vacation plans. The reason being is that I asked for the vacation time off first. So the coworker will have no choice but to change their plans.
It would depend on how set my plans were. For example, if I was taking vacation because my daycare was closed that week, I'd have little room to budge. If I couldn't take it off, but couldn't be at work (like if my daycare was closed), I'd ask if I could work from home or flex my schedule instead. Also, maybe my colleague and I could split the week and both take half.
I would talk to them about why I need the vacation and not budge. It's extremely unsettling to plan something and have to move. Chances are those days were planned way in advance
I would probably change my vacation plans if they weren't urgent. I am all about compromise and would rather reschedule than lose out on vacation. I also think its a waste of time to deal much with stubborn or difficult people.
I would look and see what I have planned at that time. If not a big deal, I would go ahead and change my plans. I would however check and see if we have duplicate times in the future, if so, I would ask I get the next time.
I would try to negotiate with the coworker. If they don't even try to act like they would try to accommodate the situation I would go ahead and change my plans and hope that the co worker would need me for something important. I woul d not help them with anything on purpose. I am pretty sure they would need me. And ask me for favors and I would gladly tell them no.
I would find out who asked for the vacation time first. If they asked first then I would be willing to move my week to another. If I asked first I would explain to the supervisor that I was the first to ask for that week and insist that I get it not my colleague.
I would tell him that he can have that week this year if he would agree on what I had to say next.  I would then tell him that if he agreed, I would get to choose my vacation week before him next year.  I would do this because I am easy to get along with.
I would first go to my supervisor to discuss if it is truly the case that only one of us could go. If that did not work I would go to the colleague and try to convince them again. I could compensate the colleague to not go that week.
I would change my vacation time because there's no reason to get in a argument. It would just cause more problems for me that are unneeded. I don't think it would hurt me much to change my date.
I would look at different dates to switch my vacation days to. I would also plan my next vacation days early on so that I would have first dibs. I would also resent my co-worker for being stubborn and plan to not help them the next time they need it.
I would allow my colleague to take the week of vacation he wants. This is because I do not want to be seen as difficult around the office. I am interested in being firm, but not difficult. I will allow myself a vacation on another week.
I would probably try to change my vacation plans.  If that isn't possible, due to having reservations that can't be cancelled or something like that, then I may try to pay the coworkers some money to change their plans.  If that doesn't work, then I may just have to skip out on vacation.
I grew up in a home where subservience was the norm and taking the back seat is no skin off my nose. My future plans are always made with a Plan-B so, I would like to be seen as gracious and willing to change my plans for a coworker and for my boss.
I would pick a different week. I would just change my plans. It would be very easy for me because im single and dont have many commitments.
I'd surrender and take my vacation another week then. I believe in keeping things chill at work, and not creating waves. It's not a big deal to change my plans. So in the spirit of cooperation, I would just surrender to my colleague's plans.
I would see if I could change my vacation plans. Then if I couldn't I would try and bribe the employee to change their plans. And if none of that worked, I would call in sick for a week, and just go on my vacation. If they want to fire me they can, because I'm too good for this place anyway, and I'll find another job in no time.
I would have to make other plans.  I would ask if there are any available times.  I would ask if I could take the vacation pay and not take the time off.  I would see if I could rollover the vacation time to a future date.
I would probably change mine. I am the nicer person. I don't really go far on vacation anyway. So it would be me to change.
I would first ask another co worker for advice about this colleague to see if it is worth talking to him or her about changing the vacation.  Also, I would has my supervisor what is the plan if both of us don't want to change our vacations.  Also, it would depend if my vacation was to go anywhere or if it was just to stay at home so maybe I could change my date.  Probably I would want to change mine because I don't like conflict at work.
Depending upon which of us had seniority, if I was less senior I would definitely change my plans to accommodate my coworker.  I would mention to my boss how inconvenient it is for me and that I would hope my gesture would be reciprocated.  If I was the more senior, I would make sure my supervisor realized this and ask to speak to human resources or my supervisor's supervisor.
I would change my vacation plans only if I had not paid money that was non refundable or transferable. It depends how far in the future the vacation time was scheduled. I’m pretty flexible usually, so unless the vacation time had an important purpose, I would be okay switching times.
If I could I would be willing to change my date. But if I had made the request first and I had serious plans I would not relinquish. I would argue with my boss and demand that I get the time off.
I would talk to the colleague and ask him/her if he/she had actually made travel reservations already. If he/she had not then I would try and talk her/him into changing his vacation week to another week. If the colleague would still not change his/her vacation week, then I would try to change my vacation week to another week.
I would first see if seniority counted and if I had more I would insist I get it if there was a rule. If it didn't matter that much to me I would just pick a different a different week.
First, I would find out why they are unwilling to change. Has it been long since they've had a vacation? Is no other time available for them because of family constraints or season?
I would try to work something out with my fellow worker. Being flexible is important to me.  As alternative, we could present our case to our supervisor and let him decide which gets to go. Usually, however, first come, first served.
I would change my week of vacation.  I would also talk to my boss to ensure that he or she is aware that my coworker is NOT willing to change his vacation plans.  I would also be more likely to refuse to assist my coworker should any future circumstances arise in which he or she would require help.
I would check to see if my plans can be changed, or if the occasion is rigid in schedule (simply leisure versus a friend's wedding, for example), and if flexible, I would offer to change my vacation request.  If my plans were rigid, I would ask my coworker if he or she might be able to change his or her plans.  If my coworker also had rigid plans, I would try to determine a fair way to choose one of us to change plans (a coin toss, or other criteria that is mutually decided).
I would go ahead and just change my vacation date. I wouldn't want to cause any trouble.  I would just cave in and  do it so that it is easier.
I would try to fight for my vacation if I had already plans to travel, but otherwise I would back down and take vacations another time. Or I would propose to leave it to fate with a fair coin flip.
I would discuss with him where is he planning to go, who's he going with, what's the purpose of the trip. Pretty much all those things, also consider who went for vacation last time, is there any vacation soon
I would be flexible and let my coworker go ahead with his or her vacation plans and I would go another week.  Since by the description there's no indication of I have already committed money, reservations etc. to my upcoming vacation, I should be fine rescheduling.  By being flexible I would avoid conflict with a coworker whom I'd have to deal with after my vacation and I would demonstrate to my boss that I'm a team player unlike my coworker who is being insistent.  A little goodwill can go a long way to keep myself in good graces with others.
I would would have to discuss it with my colleague. If I were taking that week off for a specific event, I would try to convince my colleague to take a different week of vacation. But if they needed that week for something more important than what I have planned, I would let them take that week.
It would be dependent on several circumstances, but if I had already made the request for the time off, the logical decision would be that he was 2nd to make the request and therefore it's too late for them. I would make sure my manager knew this. If it were an instance where my time off request were simply to stay at home, I would have no problem simply shifting my plans and offering to do so to accommodate his time off. If I had booked travel arrangements (car, plane, etc.) then I would certainly be far less willing to accommodate his situation and push back.
I would change my plans. I would try to do this now so that if this happens in the future maybe they would help me out. I would not want to make a big deal about it.
I would talk to my supervisor directly and right away. I would tell the supervisor why I could not change my plans. I would also show them my travel plans and any proof of my vacation.
I would quit my job, because my personal time is more important to me than a job that won't let me take time off. What reason do I have to care if it'll be busy when I'm away? Why should I have to sell my soul to some corporation because, uh oh, things might be slightly slower for customers because there's less people working.
I would change my plans and schedule my vacation later because someone has to be flexible. It would also benefit me to show my supervisor that I'm the one willing to accommodate others and would show that I'm a team player.
I would ask the supervisor which one of us put in the request first.  If I put in the request first, I would expect to be given first priority.  If my colleague put in their request first, then I would choose a different slot.
I would probably try to be flexible and change my own plans. I usually put others before me and try to please everyone. I would want to help my coworker but also look good to my boss.
I would give my colleague the week I had wanted for vacation. I'm not bothered by waiting longer. And I'd rather not cause tension at my job.
I would request to my supervisor to look into who made the request first to take this week off for vacation. If my co-worker put in the request first I would be okay with changing my week. If I were the one to submit the request prior to my co-worker then I would request that being taken under consideration and I would refuse to change my plans.
I would not be willing to change my vacation plans.  Why should I?  The supervisor can do their job and make the decision.
I would talk with my colleague to see if he/she would consider changing vacation weeks. I would explain why I needed this particular time so he/she would be more willing to select a different time. If that did not work, I would speak with my supervisor to see what other weeks were available and plan accordingly.
I would first try to reason with my colleague and find out why they wouldn't change their plans.  Next, I would see if I could push my own plans back a week, so that my colleague would have their time off. And finally, if I could not, I would get the boss involve and have them award the time by seniority.
I would do my best to change my vacation plans, as long as I hadn't already booked something that couldn't be refunded. I would try to be flexible since my coworker is not being flexible. I would feel frustrated, but I would do my best to make the situation work out for everyone involved.
I would go ahead and switch my vacation week.  Personally that kind of stuff does not bother me.  However I would keep that in the back of my mind next time something comes around.  I would not fret about it much at all though.
I would change my vacation plans but tell my colleague that he owes me a favor.
i would have to change my plans. i would not be happy about it at all and im sure it would cause a rift between us. but all in all, it would have to be me one way or another sadly.
I would like to know who has seniority in this instance and that is who should get the requested vacation time. This should be a question for the supervisor and not for us to have to decide. If the supervisor will not help, I will forgo my plans and schedule it at another time.
I would first ask if there was anyone available to replace me. If not, then I would work that week. I would choose to do that because I would at least want to know if the vacation was possible but wouldn't want to lose my job either.
I would be willing to change my plans if I had not booked anything in advance.  I would make sure that my colleague knows that I had sacrificed this time for him/her.  I would let the supervisor know that I had done the other colleague a favor.
I would be willing to deal with my co-worker, with the understanding that they would owe me a favor. That's far more useful than having an angry co-worker, and I get to take the vacation anyway. I would try to cancel my plans to minimize loss of money.
I would not change my vacation plans. Workers are entitled to go on vacation when they want to. Plus, my plans would likely already be cemented and I wouldn't change that because of a pushy supervisor.
I would change my vacation. I wanted to have more time to plan a better trip.
I would change my vacation instead because I don't want any drama. If I had preplanned a vacation with other people then I would probably try to come to a compromised with my coworker. Hopefully they wouldn't be jerk about it and reschedule.
I would think about what I was planning to use my vacation time for. If it was something that could be easily rearranged (for example, a staycation or something I didn't have reservations for), I would offer to pick another week. If I needed it to be that week, I would try to explain the situation to my supervisor to try to get to keep the week.
I would take to the person and see if we can come to an agreement. I think that whoever asked for time off first should be able to get that week. If they are able to agree to that than I think it can be handled with little issue.
I would change my vacation plans unless there was some serious reason that my plans couldn't be changed. The only reasons I would not agree to change my plans would be if I had planned to attend an 'event' (for example a wedding) that couldn't be changed, or if I had made reservations with non-refundable tickets, or if I would really inconvenience other people that I was planning the vacation with. I want to be flexible and get along with other people at work. It doesn't matter if the other employee is being selfish or unreasonable. It might lower my opinion of them that they are acting this way, but I don't mind having the other employee 'get their way'.
I would first talk to the colleague and ask them why I should be expected to change my vacation plans if they are unwilling to. I wouldn't back down, but if they were not willing to agree, I'd explain the situation to the manager and let him decide. I believe whoever requested vacation for that week first should be the one who gets it. The question seems to make it sound like I asked for it first, but either way, I would find that decision to be the fair one.
I do not like changing my vacation plans. Here I do not see much choice, however. So I would bite the bullet to avoid being seen as a troublemaker.
I would make sure what was fair was carried out. I really want vacation this week. So who put in the request first should get to go.
I would see how badly i needed that particular week and change if possible.  If not i would go to my boss and appeal since time off is important.
I would be the bigger person and take a different week for my vacation. It sounds like my colleague, for whatever reason, can't change their vacation, so I would let them have the week off. I'm a pretty flexible person, and unless I had nonrefundable tickets to something, I wouldn't really care what week I had off. In general, I can't afford to take a vacation where I'd be going anywhere on a trip by plane, so I could probably take my vacation anytime.
I would make a decision based off of what I have planned for my vacation. If I'm going on a trip I can't cancel, if I'm just staying home I would reschedule it.
I would be more than happy to change my vacation plans if it doesn't involve any extra expense on my part. I usually take my vacations during my son's summer vacation from school, so I usually have two months in which to do what I want. However, if there is an extra expense involved, I would ask for my boss to either reconsider or help me with the added cost. I know that the girls in my department are perfectly able to do without me because we have organized ourselves in a way that covers all bases.
I would change to keep the peace and look like the good guy. I think that the boss would also remember my act in the future and it would I would be a team player in this event. I can take a hit now too get something later.
I would try maybe talking to the colleague and make sure they cant change their plans. If not then I would have to change my week request for maybe another week. Thought this would be very upsetting.
I would see if I could take vacation in a different week. I would have a talk with my colleague and determine why he doesn't want to change. If his reason is sound and I can change my plans, I would volunteer to change my vacation week.
I would politely ask why they were unable to change their plans and see if we could work something out that would be to both of our benefits. Maybe I change my plans if they are will to let me be off first the next time I want to go away. If that doesn't work, keep my plans and leave it up to the manager to decide. That should be part of their job anyway.
I would take a different vacation time and not make an issue out of it. I'm not inflexible when it comes to issues like this one; as long as I have time off, it doesn't really matter when I take it. Chances are good that my colleague has some sort of family commitment that is involved with his or her vacation plans; I personally would not let that stand in my way of changing my plans. So, being more flexible, I would re-arrange my time off.
I would change my dates as long as I would not be losing any money that was already paid towards a vacation trip, such as plane tickets.  I am a fairly flexible person and I don't have many family commitments so I am comfortable changing the date of my vacation.  I might talk to my colleague about what favor they might do for me since I am willing to change my plans, like covering for me in the future for a day off.
If I am able to change my vacation to another week I would. I don't see a point in making a big deal out of it if I can easily change the dates. It's vacation, I could take it anytime I want doesn't have to be a specific date.
I would first look at my own vacation plans and see if they are changeable. If I were able to move my vacation, I would easily compromise and tell my coworker they could have the week. If I could not move my vacation, I would start to make a case for why I needed this week and why I deserved it based on past performance and work history. I would then take the case to my supervisor and let them decide.
If it was impossible to get my colleague to change their vacation plans, I would probably try to change mine. I would see if there was another week available that I could take off. The reason for this would be to keep peace with my colleague and also help my company during this time. I would make myself available to work during the time that my colleague was on vacation.
I would see who requested the week off first.  I think that whoever requested the week off last should be the person to change their vacation plans.  I might be willing to change my plans if I can do so without change fees or it wasn't completely necessary that I be somewhere for something specific.
I would accept to move my vacation date.  I don't want to cause any issues and I feel that I could easily change my plans. I also don't want to be confrontational.
Unless I had some important trip planned, I would request for a different week of vacation. Maybe just the week before of after my colleague. If I do have something already planned for the week I will also not move my vacation week.
I would change my plans and go on vacation another week. I would be annoyed that my coworker won't help out the situation. I think it is more important to take a vacation at a different time than not take on at all.
If I was able to change my plans I would.  If I was not able to change my plans, I would find out who asked first and then that person should be allowed to take off. I would be super frustrated and try and handle it well.
I would start by trying to bargain with them.  I would offer to work for them a different week if they let me take my vacation on the week planned.  If they don't budge, I might offer them a little money to reschedule their vacation.  If we couldn't reach an agreement, I would suggest flipping a coin or drawing straws to see who gets to take the vacation that week.
I would fight for my preferred days off. We might negotiate and meet each other half way. If necessary, I'd get a third party involved.
I would change my dates if it was reasonable to do so. However depending on who first submitted the vacation request should be allowed to have that time. The other person who submitted last should be required to change their dates.
I would first approach my colleague and try to work things out. It would be convenient if my colleague were to change their plans, but that doesn't seem to be the case. If my colleague's plans are really that important, then I would just change my vacation to another week.
I would determined if my plans could be changed. My flexibility could be viewed favorably in the future. My willingness to cooperate could lead to future opportunities. I would discuss my decision with my family in order to determine the best course of action for the long term.
I wouldn't back down.  My vacation is just as important as someone else  s.  I would stand my ground.  If the supervisor made me take a different week I would call in sick on the week I wanted the vacation.
I would discuss this with them but I really feel I would let them keep that week off and pick another week for myself. I have no family nor pets and I am therefore able to be quite flexible with my time, which might not be the case with this colleague.
I would see who put in for the week first. If it was me, I would either negotiate to get some advantage in passing up my week for another or stick with keeping my current week. If I had plans for that week with someone else, I would not want to have to cancel because of this problem.
As long as I didn't have any vacation plans for that week, or anything that I was not able to change, I would take a different week off for vacation.
I would probably be willing to be flexible. I'm able to have a good time in just about any time and place, so having my vacation tied to a particular week doesn't feel essential to me. I would hope that the coworker would be appreciative and help me if I needed it later.
I would ask my colleague why they needed that time. I would ask if it were possible to be moved. I would then try and move my commitment if I could.
I would change the week of my vacation. As long as I didn't have to make cancellations that would cost me money, or miss going to something that could not be rescheduled, it wouldn't be too big of a deal for me. I wouldn't consider it worth the time and energy to argue with my colleague over who gets the vacation week.
I would take my vacation later. It really is not a big deal to me, I can wait. Also, I prefer to keep the peace rather than incite disagreement or any kind of social friction. Working well as a team is very important.
It would depend on the situation, but I would probably change with the person. I wouldn't make any big plans without requesting, and making sure I received the time off, well in advance. But if I really needed the time off I would try to work something out with the other employee, and worse case scenario I would request to know who asked for the time off first, as that would be a fair way to deal with it.
I would first take a close look at my vacation plans to see if they would be easy to change. If so, I would likely switch my vacation to a different week since it would not matter much to me. In the event that my plans could not change without great inconvenience or cost, the course of action would depend on the order in which the vacations were requested -- if I had requested the vacation first, I would mention this to the colleague and insist that they must change their schedule.
I would go ahead and change my vacation plans. I spend a lot of time at work and need to get along with my co-workers. Hopefully by sacrificing that particular week, I show I'm professional and easy to work with.
I would maybe see who has worked there longer. I would maybe see who has higher ranking at the company. I would see if I could get a better deal on my vacation A different date.
I would change my vacation plans cheerfully and not worry about it. This provides for better outcomes for my relationships with my colleague and with my supervisor. It also preserves or enhances my reputation. Most importantly, it simplifies my life and makes me happiest. My reponse is the most rational response I can make. The specifics of time off from work are generally not critical.
I would ask if I could work remotely from wherever I planned to go for my vacation. If so, then I would just deal with it and work while away, as I would not want to be confrontational. However, if I could not work remotely during this time, then I would talk to my colleague about our plans and see if we can't reach some agreement.
I would accede and change my vacation plans. I would make sure that my supervisor somehow knew it was me who changed their plans. I would like knowing that my coworker sort of "owes me one" for doing this for him/her.
I would first discern how mutable my plans were. If I didn't have any friends or family counting on me being off that week, I wouldn't mind changing. If I had already made plans or reservations, I would speak with my supervisor. Presumably I had already requested the week off and should have priority because of it
I would tell my boss that he should go by seniority as to who would get the week off. When I make vacation plans I want to stick to them, It would be very difficult to change my plans once I have made them, I do realize that the other person might have seniority over me
I would just shift my week of vacation to the next week over. It's the easiest path with the least amount of resistance. It also avoids any workplace conflict, even though I feel I'm giving in.
I would ask my wife if she had already planned a trip or purchased something for that week. I would be willing to be flexible unless the trip was related to her chemotherapy, in which case I would take the time of as medical leave.
I would point out that since we are on an equal footing, my coworker has no more (or less) right to the week off than me.  Unless I absolutely needed the week, I'd probably give in, but insist on some sort of compensation:  most likely, that the next time this situation arose, I'd get preference.
I would let them have their time and pick another time. I can almost always change my plans, so it is not a big problem. I would rather get along than fight with someone so it really would not be a problem.
I would determine how important my vacation was to me. If it was just relaxing at home, I would be a lot more willing to change my vacation week. If it was planned out far in advance with money already put down I would be much less likely to change my plans. It would also depend on their plans, and how difficult they would be to change the date on. I would ask the supervisor who requested off first, because whoever asked first should get it.
I would feel obligated to move my vacation but also feel resentful. I would hopefully not have purchased tickets already. I think if I did I would also them refuse to move.
Before anything, I would be willing to concede if my colleague had asked before me and would expect the same from them. If I asked first but didn't have anything planned, I would give my colleague that week. If I did have plans (family event/wedding/baby), I would explain how important this event was to me and would explain why I couldn't give it up.
I would try to change my plans to the week before or the week after the desired dates.  If my colleague is not willing to change their vacation plans, I would have to assume that there is a reason (e.g., nonrefundable plane tickets, others involved).  In my opinion, it is not worth losing the friendship of coworkers over something that can be changed.
I would see who requested the vacation first.  If it were me, I would request the other person change their week.  If it was the other person, I would change my plans.  If we couldn't come to an agreement, I would make the supervisor decide.  It shouldn't be up to me to make the decision on who does what.  The co-worker seems unreasonable to me.
I would not be willing to change my vacation time unless it was absolutely necessary. Vacations in my family take a lot of time to plan and I would not be willing to disrupt our plans. Additionally, I would suggest to my supervisor to give it to the person who put in the time first, which probably would be me since I planned this trip so early.
I would change my vacation. It is a reasonable request to have once of us change our week. If my colleague could not or would not change their plans, then I would.
I would very likely switch my vacation to another week. This would depend on whether I had important plans, such as purchased tickets or a special event for the week. If I did have a special need for vacation that week I would speak with the supervisor and let her know my specific needs.
I wouid try talking to him first to see if he has any plans or  trip scheduled for the vaca that he cant change. Then i would compare it to my plans and if i have nothing big planned that would be hard to reschedule then i would gladly let him have the week vaca instead. If i had a trip though then i would have to refuse to give it up since hotel booking and plane tickets cost money and i wouldnt want to lose out on money on my vaca. So whichever one of us has the harder to change plans then that person will get the vaca first. that would be the reasonable way to go about it.
I would allow them to have their vacation time. I would then request vacation for the next week and add an extra day to my request just because i could. The inconvenience of scheduling warrants an extra day.
I would change my plans. It sounds as though my colleague may have plans that involve considerable travel and hotel reservations, so, assuming he's locked in to these plans, I'd be willing to change mine.
I would schedule my vacation a different week. My colleague seems to be unwilling to compromise, so there would be no point in arguing with them. I can be flexible.
I would agree to move my holidays because I hate arguing.  I would agree to move my vacation because I have not planned anything yet.  I would agree to move my holidays, but the next time my needs come first.
I would stay and work. It is important for us to all make sacrifices. This would be my way of contributing to the team and be helpful to others.
I would want to know when they had put in for their vacation, if I had put in first for the time off, then I should be the one to get the time off. If we asked at the same time, it would depend on whose vacation was able to be refunded or the dates changed. If I could change mine then I happily would.
I would talk to my colleague and see what they were doing for their vacation. I would do what I could to try and rearrange my schedule to get the time off I needed. I would also talk to my manager to see if there was anything else that could be done.
I would change my plans.  I would do it to avoid conflict in the workplace.  I would feel too stressed out if I did not accommodate somebody.
I would most likely give in to him or her. I don’t like confrontation, and I will adjust my schedule to avoid it. Unless I had something already specifically planned, I would not put up a fight about it.
I would react differently depending on which one of us requested the vacation time first. If my colleague request first then I would allow him or her to go. If I ask first then I would allow my colleague to go.
I would not change my plans either. I would make the boss decide which one of us were to go on vacation. If they aren't willing to talk and work something out with me then why should I go out of my own way?
I would take one for the team and change my vacation date due to the stubbornness of my colleague. I would do this in order to avoid any drama and bitterness. It would make working together less stressful and would be the fastest way to move on.
I would change my vacation plans and take my vacation one week after my colleague. This is because I believe in my colleague and I would not want there to be an issue at all with my supervisor and not getting time off because only one of us gets it. Also, I believe that it's the right thing to do given the circumstances of the situation and then I would still get my vacation time off no problem at all.
I would insist that the vacation week should be taken by whichever one of us requested it first. I would believe that if my colleague is not willing to change their plans, I should not be expected to be willing to change mine. I would probably feel negatively about this colleague following the incident.
I would talk to my colleague about it, especially if I was the one who made the plans first. If I did not make my plans first, then I would try to be flexible and plan for vacationing at a different time. But if this was a colleague that I didn't like, then I would not cave under any circumstances whatsoever.
It would honestly depend on what I was taking the vacation for and how much I had already committed. In the most relevant case, I have 2 weeks blocked off for a wedding in the UK in August that I already have everything arranged for. I would bring the tickets, hotel reservations etc to show how much I had already put into this and refuse to budge. I feel like the way this is worded, I had mine in first so they can get over it.
He's not willing to change his schedule. That just says he's the type who's not willing to cooperate with others. There is very little i can do here but to appease him and hope i don't have to work with him on anything. hopefully the boss noticed it and values my willingness
I would take the opportunity to allow him this week. I would then adjust my schedule to vacation some other time. I don't need a specific time to vacation.
I would agree to have whatever vacation time would be convenient for everyone else (I have no family). My last vacation was May, 1988. Why complain? I have no sick leave or other days off (I work six days a week as a USPS contract Mail Carrier, and am considered to be "self-employed", although paid by the USPS!)
If it was already a paid vacation or something important with family members, I also wouldn't be willing to budge. The employer in this case must ask someone else to work overtime to compensate. There should be enough employees or one that is willing to work in this situation. My vacation is just as important as the other colleague.
I would weigh my options. If my plans are set and the specfic week is needed I would push for me to get the week off. If my time is flexible I would adjust. No reason to make things more difficult.
I would schedule my vacation for another week. My colleague may have important plans for that week. So, I would allow them to take that week off and schedule my vacation for another time.
I would suggest that whoever requested the time off first be given priority.  Unless for some reason the vacation can't be rescheduled, maybe because it's been paid for already and can't be refunded.  If that's the case, then I would understand and change my plans.
I would try to reach some sort of compromise. Assuming no concrete plans were made by either party, I would try to work with my colleague to determine an alternative time one or both of use could use our vacation. For example, if he/she is generally busier than I for personal reasons (family etc), then I would likely look to change my vacation time since it would be more difficult for him/her to find an appropriate vacation time.
I would go ahead and switch my vacation. I never make concrete plans before getting approved from work. So it would be no problem unless it is something like a family reunion or something. I would then try to compromise with the other employee.
I would try to take to him one on one to come up with a solution.  For instance if he wants to take this vacation this time and I will have to work, the next time both of us requests vacations on the same day, I would have priority. This way I'll take the hit but won't feel at a disadvantage in the future. I would probably also talk to my manager to let him know that my co-worker can take the vacation but that in the future, I hope that I would get first priority.
I would try and let them know about my plans.  I would see if we could both rtake it at same time.  Try and organize with clients.
I would want the supervisor to make the definitive decision. I would hope that she would choose the person who turned in their time off first. I do not like that the supervisor put the decision in the employees hands as that is their responsibility. I would also make plans as if I needed to change my vacation just so that I would be an easy transition and I would not have to sacrifice my overall plans if I needed to change dates.
I would just accept it has is, and take the next week with a but that he has to owe me a favor of my choosing. Like for a example switching a day of work when I need to call in sick. Perhaps helping me with an assignment that has a strict deadline or something of that nature.
I'd let my colleague take vacation.  I don't vacation anyway. It's not my style. I staycation.  But I can do that any time.  And I can find ways to cut my effort at work.
I would first take a look at my coworkers and I relationship and depended on how that is decide how to move forward.  If I had a good relationship with that coworker i would save face and just choose a different week.  If we didn't get along so well then it would be a different story.  I would contact HR and determine who has the right to have it off first, what every their policy is.
I would like to see possibility to reschedule my vacation if possible. I'm a frequent flyer user, so changing schedule mostly won't be an issue for me. Aside from that, I mostly not making any major reservation until I'm getting closer to the vacation week.
I would probably be more likely to just accept that I cannot go that week. I would first try and see who planned their vacation first. However, I am more of a pushover and willing to make others happy, especially at work. I do not like to upset others.
I would change my vacation plans to accommodate my coworker. I would feel it is important to keep harmony on the team. I would also want to demonstrate that I am a good employee.
I would go ahead and change my dates. I would do it so as to be the nice person willing to do the change in my bosses eyes. As far as my coworker goes i would let her know next time thiis happens they change their date not me.
I would be willing to change my vacation plans as long as they have not already been booked. If they have already been booked, I will politely yet passive-agressively inform my colleague that my plans are nonrefundable and ask if he or she would cover the cost so that I can go a different week. If my plans are not set in stone, I'm willing to change them.
Vacation plans are often planned in advance. These plans often require reservations, bought plane tickets or other transportation, and planned around events. Changing the dates around these planned events would be more than an inconvenience. Due to that, I would change my vacation time if I had no plans to travel.
I would first ask my colleague why they need the same week off as me. I would then ask my supervisor which one of us has been there longer and deserves the chosen week more. I would try and see if there's any reason why I couldn't change my plans and pick a different week. My last choice would to offer my colleague cash or a favor to change their week.
I would ask why they couldn't change (family, booked flights, etc.) and think about if it was possible for me to make slight changes. If it was possible for me to make changes, and my colleague has a good reason I would go ahead and change (to be a "team player" and helpful to my probably nice coworker). If not I would plead my case as to why I should be allowed to have vacation that week. I would also see if it would be possible to plan out work in advance so that we both could go the same week after all - but if my plans couldn't be changed I would definitely prioritize my own interests.
It would depend on whether or not I had non-refundable deposits etc in place, and if I had requested off before them or not. If I requested, for example, in January for May, and they requested during the last week of April for May, then too bad, so sad; I'm not changing my plans. If, however, it didn't make much difference to be what week I took (if I was taking a staycation, for example), I'd be willing to swap for the sake of office harmony.
I would look at how necessary it was for me to take  vacation that specific week.  I would consider approaching my colleague to see if we could come to some compromise if I really needed that exact time frame.  I would do this because sometimes talking directly to someone can yielded different results than if you're dealing through an intermediary...in this case: the boss.
I would take a different week off. I always figure out my vacation in advance of making travel arrangements.  I am flexible and my coworker is not but I would not care.
If I didn't already have firm plans I would give it up.  If I did have firms plans I would push the supervisor to decide based on who submitted a request first.
I would want to know the reason for my colleague's unwillingness to change plans. Non-refundable tickets? Family coming to town? Some things take precedence over others.
I would talk to my family first, and see whether our plans could be changed. However, I would also talk to my co-worker, and see if there is a way that we could compromise. If we cannot reach an agreement, then I'll talk to my family and see how flexible we can be with our plans. I would be angry with my co-worker, but also realized that sometimes plans have to change.
If my plans weren't that important I would just be the bigger person , and let them have the week of vacation. If it was something that i had planned for a while , though . I would talk further with my boss , and try to come to a better conclusion .I might offer to work over time on my return from vacation to persuade my boss into letting me have the time off .
I would be the one to change my vacation, because I prefer that it be less busy at work.
I would want to know why my colleague cannot change his/her plans.  If he/she has something booked for that week and I do not have any specific plans, I would be glad to choose another week off.  If my colleague has no specific plans he/she has already made, though, I would think that whoever has seniority should get that week off.
I would move my vacation plans. Only one of us can be gone from work that week. If my colleague refuses to change his vacation dates than I will have to.
I would try to come up with a compromise. Depending on the situation, I would discuss options with my colleague. Maybe we can work out a deal where I take vacation at a different time in exchange for a favor. Or we could possibly split the days available for us to take vacations.
I would change when I took vacation time. If I had already made plans or booked tickets somewhere, I would request some sort of compensation for any expenses that arose from having to change my plans. Another idea is to see who asked for the vacation time first and let the person who asked first keep their plans.
I would ask my supervisor who has seniority in this commpany. If i have more years than my colleague I will take my vacation days as scheduled. If my colleague is my senior, I will simply use my vacation day in another week.
I would consider my vacation plans and see if it is crucial that I take time off work to attend to my plans. If my plans are changeable or could be done at a later date, then I will oblige and let my colleague take the time off. If I cannot change my plans, then I would ask my supervisor to consider which colleague they think deserves to take the time off more after we both send in a written explanation on why we need the time off for that particular week.
I would try to figure out if either of us had plans for that week scheduled. If there are any nonrefundable deposits already paid, or if it is just unfeasible to reschedule. Taking that info I would decide whether I was going allow them to take the vacation time or take the issue to management.
I would first assess the situation objectively. I would consider my plans for the vacation and determine if I could carry out those plans at a different time. If it would work for my spouse and family, I would definitely agree to let my colleague have that time slot for their vacation. Otherwise, I would ask my superior to determine in a fair way, say by time on job or other method to determine fairness. If a mutual agreement could not be reached, I'd have to consider how important the job is to me because sometimes you just have to make a choice between fairness and necessity.
I would compare my plans with my colleague first and see whether them or I have something important to attend, like a wedding or something involving children. If they are still unwilling to budge, I would then consult my family about what to do regarding the issue. I would make it a point to say that my colleague is unwilling to change their vacation plans and my supervisor is putting pressure on me.
I would see whether or not I could move my plans. It would be dependent on what I already had planned. If it is something I could not move I would try and negotiate with my colleague because it isn't fair to cancel something you already have reservations for.
I would be ok with it if I didn't have plans. If I had made plans I would speak to my supervisor. I would explain that I had the time scheduled first.
I would let my collegue have the time if they were a close personal friend, and maybe just a colleague.  If it was really a terrible loss for me to not take that time, if I lost money, or it would hurt my family, I might stand my ground, but people remember these slights, I would not forget that they would not give in.
What I would do depends on a number of factors. For instance, who requested vacation first? How long ago were the vacations scheduled. Who is really responsible for them being scheduled at the same time. However, if the colleague began the conversation by saying that he is not willing to change then I would also refuse to change. I would do this because there is no reason to be reasonable when the other party is being unreasonable and the real problem is that someone allowed the vacations to be scheduled at the same time in the first place.
I would take a different week of vacation. However, I would only do that if I did not have outstanding obligations on that vacation week. If I did, I would negotiate with my colleague.
I would take one for the team and agree to change my plans. I don't really care that much about vacations anyway, so changing the time wouldn't be a huge burden on me. I'd rather make the sacrifice to ensure that I don't lose the favor of my colleague. I feel that will make work less unpleasant for me going forward.
I would make the sacrifice.  I would make sure my colleague is aware as well as my boss. I would make sure that they know the next time this happens, I will get the vacation.
I would try to make a simple appeal on who asked for this vacation first.  That might be sufficient to receive a favorable response from my supervisor, if I was indeed the first to request this time off.  Failing that, I would try to reason with my colleague to see if perhaps some kind of arrangement could be made.  Perhaps (s)he would offer something in return for this vacation time, or would allow me to take it in return for some other favor at work.  If all else failed, I would recognize that it is my responsibility to help out at work during a busy time, so I would reschedule my vacation.  However, I would ask for something in return for the disruption this had caused to my vacation plans--perhaps some extra time off during a slower period.
I would be a good sport and agree to take my vacation later. I don't like conflict, and don't need conflict at my workplace. I would expect my colleague to believe that he/she owes me one, though.
I would be willing to compromise with my coworker if they give me an assurance that they won't take their next vacation during my vacation time. I would be reasonable and try to be friendly and kind. I would seek to make a friend out of a difficult situation.
I would talk to the supervisor and tell them I will reschedule my vacation time for a more convenient time. I would be happy with that.
I would talk with my spouse about changing the week of our vacation.  If he is set on that particular week, I would discuss it with my supervisor.  I would also discuss it with my co-worker.
I would change my vacation date.  It would be a nice thing to do.  Plus it doesn't interfere with my plans.  Hopefully this will work out for both of us.
I would probably let them take the vacation time if it wasn't anything I could reschedule. I would also let them know that they owe me. I don't think I would particularly be mad or upset as I am a flexible person.
I would talk to my family members and see if a different week would work for my vacation.  I would also talk to the colleage and find out why they are not willing to change their vacation plans and see if we could avoid something like this in the future so that we don't have to change our plans at the last minute.  I would most likely end up changing my request for vacation to a different week because I don't like conflict and confrontation.  I would try to make things work and be flexible because I think things are better in life if you can have some flexibility.
