I would find out why they want/need the week off. If they needed the week off for a particular reason and I had flexibility in my week off, I would just adjust my request. However, if the co-worker did not have plans and/or I had something scheduled, I would end up filing a grievance with the union.
I would first consider the reason in requesting the time off.  Is the week requested just a week I'd like to have, or something more important such as a wedding in the family, etc.  I would have a conversation with my colleague about why the specific dates were requested.  Then possibly review who put the request in first.
I would have a conversation with both my colleague and supervisor to discuss what can be done about the situation. Depending on who has a more important engagement during their vacation if my colleagues was more important I wouldn't have a problem giving them the week. I would expect my colleague to extend the same gratitude if a similar situation came up in the future.
I would try to reason with him, and then probably punch him in the face, cause im sick of him doing that stuff to me. He's usually a jerk to me at work and constantly harassing me to do his job while hes lazy. But I would end up being the bigger man and just change mine.
I would first try and talk with the other colleague and see if there would be a way to compromise.  I would see if it would be possible to maybe change a few of both of our dates of vacation so that maybe we could split the week up, but also add parts of the weeks on either side.  If this doesn't seem to be something that will work, I would look at changing my vacation plans and what my other options would be.
I would just let my coworker has the vacation time since they are not willing to change their plans. I figure that willing giving up my time would look good in my bosses eyes and they will think about me more when its time for a promotion.
I would probably cancel my plans. Someone has to give way, and the other person was not willing to do so. I would not want to deal with the hassle of trying to push the other person into a different decision. I would feel resentful toward them in the future.
I would try to talk to my colleague first and see if they were possibly able to change their mind about not changing their plans. If they still wouldn't change I would talk to my supervisor if I had more seniority. If all else fails I mind end up having to change my plans.
I would first try to convince my colleague to change his or her mind about the vacation. What I would do if my colleague would not relent depends on whether or not I am senior to my colleague. If am senior to my colleague, I would request management forcibly deny his or her vacation request. If I am junior to the colleague, I would reschedule my vacation.
I would just choose to take my vacation another time.  It would not be worth the hassle to try and convince my colleague.  I would just let them have the vacation time.
I would "graciously" give up my vacation time. My vacation isn't worth more than looking like a team player. At least not to me personally. If I have a vacation I can't easily replace in time such as visiting a favorite aunt before she croaks then I will explain why it is important and hold my ground. If I am told to give it up by higher authority at that point then I will be serious and let it show that something else must be given for me to concede...maybe more time off or lesser duties so I can tend to what I needed the vacation time for from afar.
First I would discuss with my colleague regarding the reasons for our vacations and determine their priority. I would then ask if there are any fixed costs that are already tied to his plan at those dates. After deliberating, if his situation is more serious, I would be willing to concede, but not otherwise.
I would say fine whatever. I don't have time to play little games with petty people. I'll be the bigger person and change mine. Because if you argue this with her, after her saying she was sticking to her guns...she is going to make your life living hell the whole time you work together.
I would probably agree to go at a different time. I am an "empty nester" at this point, so I don't have to worry about kids, etc. So, my vacation plans are variable.
I would let my colleague take his vacation first and then would choose a different week. I then would hope that the manager would notice the fact that I am more flexible. Besides I would not be bothered to delay my vacation while I would be helpful at work.
The answer to this question depends upon what I had planned for that particular week.  In most cases, I would simply change my plans.  If my plans also included many other people who had made plans for that same event I would argue my case with my boss and allow my co-worker to do the same. Then my employer could make and informed decision about that week of vacation.
I would research my own travel plans and try and adjust accordingly so I can go another week without any hassle. However, if my travel plans are time sensitive or critically important then I would discuss this with my coworker
I would change my vacation plans. Most often, having this argument simply isnt worth the time and effort involved and would likely just stress me out. I also don't want to negatively impact my reputation with my colleague when I may have to work with them in the future.
I would come to work. I would not be pleased but I would understand. Next time I wished to go on vacation I would ensure that I requested the time off far in advance and get my supervisor to agree.
I would look and see if my vacation could be done right after my coworker. If not, I would speak to my colleague and explain why I need to take the time off at that specific time. If the employee still disagrees I will explain to my supervisor why I need the time off and leave the decision to them.
I would ask them why they are not able to change their vacation plans. Then I would see if they would negotiate a better vacation plan to where we wouldn't take the vacations at the same. Also, I would tell my boss that he approved my vacation and he should honor it.
I would probably rearrange my schedule and go at a different time. I am usually flexible and unless it was an emergency situation it would be no big deal. I don't sweat the small stuff and save confrontation for when it is really important.
I would try to change my time if it was not something absolutely non refundable such as a plane ticket.  If it was something I could not move around, it would seem that the  coworker with more seniority should receive the time off.  I would suggest the supervisor take into account seniority as well as how long the request had been in.
I would determine who put the request in first. If my colleague did then I would change my plans. However if it was me then I would go to HR.
I would talk to my colleague and see if there was a compromise we could come to. Then, if they still would not change anything I would end up trying to reschedule my own vacation. I would want to be the bigger person and seem versatile to my boss by changing my vacation.
If my colleague had a family and couldn't change their plans and I could, I'd switch my weeks. If I couldn't change, I'd talk to my supervisor for a solution.
I would try to alter my plans.  I would also try to understand my coworker's situation.  Sometimes vacations have to be a certain time to attend an event.  I think that being willing to change or negotiate would help me look like more of team player.
I would most likely take the alternate week, because it's still vacation and I am usually more flexible than others
I would ask my manager if it was possible for him or her to hire a temp. If they said no, then I would ask them to see who put in for the vacation first. I think it would only be fair to give it to the person who asked first
I would basically go with the "first come, first serve" mentality. If my co-worker had put in for it first, I'd delete my request, and put in for a different date. But if I had put in the request first, I would meet with my supervisor (and probably co-worker) to discuss my thoughts and reasons for not being willing to budge.
I would keep with my plans if I had already requested them before that person. I would probably switch the dates if I hadn't already gotten an approval just to help the company out.  If the people I am going on vacation with can't switch then I would make sure I told my supervisor that other people in my party have already put in for those dates and can't switch, so I would not switch.
I would see if my plans were able to be changed.  If they weren't, I would fight to keep the vacation.  I wouldn't back down.
I would not be willing to change my vacation plans either. I would ask another colleague to work my shift so that it would be covered. I don’t think it is fair that I’d have to change my plans because my colleague scheduled their vacation plans the same time as me.
First, I would see I there would be any way I could reschedule my vacation week. If I can, then I would and let my colleague have that vacation week. If I can't, I would talk to my colleague and see if we can work something out. If not, the last resort would be both of us going to the supervisor and having them decide.
I would just go along to get along and reschedule my vacation on a different week. To me it wouldn't be a big deal and to avoid conflict with my employer and fellow employee I would change the date. I would talk to my boss and explain to him it's alright and that I will work the week my other colleague is away on vacation. Plus it'd probably make me look like a better employee than arguing about it.
NOT CHANGE MY PLANS MAKE MY SUPERVISOR FIGURE IT OUT NOT FAIR TO MAKE ONE OF US CHANGE WHEN WE WORK VERY HARD
I would demand that who ever has more senority get the desired week off. it does not matter who wins in the end, as long as it is fair. And nothing is more fair than getting something extra over someone else because you have devoted more time to the company.
I would do my best to change my vacation time. If it was an issue where I absolutely couldn't reschedule then I would approach my co-worker and speak to them about the issue explaining that I would change if I could. I would also assess why they need that particular time off. I would do my best to come to a peaceful resolution where we are both satisfied.
If they requested the time off before me, I would accept it and move my vacation. However, if they asked for the time off after I did, I would stand my ground and defend my reasoning. I would talk it over with my boss to make sure he understands my side of the situation.
I would change my plans. I believe this would be most helpful in accommodating my vacation, my coworkers vacation and our workload. If it for some reason could not be changed at all, I would look to see if there was someone else who could help with the workload.
I WOULD TAKE IN TO CONSIDERATIONWHO HAS THE MOST SENORITY.  I KNOW THAT I WAS NEXT TO LAST THAT WAS HIRED.  THEREFORE MY COLLEAGUE WOULD BE WITH IN THEIR RIGHT TO TAKE VACATION TIME BEFORE ME.
I would make my plans for a different time. I would try and make sure that I could do what I wanted to a different time. I need to make sure that there is a good teamwork vibe at work.
I would agree to take a different week off if the coworker was willing to make a gesture to me. I would suggest exchanging a certain number of off days or to cover tasks at work for a short time. If the coworker was unwilling to do so I'd argue to the supervisor or HR that the person with seniority should get preferred vacation time. I don't see why I should automatically agree to change my plans based on the information given.
I would first consider what extenuating circumstances might be leading my colleague to be so inflexible. I would then consider whether I am able to be flexible. If I am able to be flexible, then I would change my plans, but I might hold a bit of a grudge against the colleague. If I am not able to be flexible, I would ask to speak to my colleague about it to see if we could negotiate something. If we could not negotiate, I would ask my supervisor to consider being flexible. Perhaps we could each agree to monitor email or participate in calls remotely.
I would ask the supervisor, first of all, if he could allow me to take my vacation anyhow.  If he said it wasn't possible I would change my plans and work it out for another time.
I would go over the calendar with my colleague and manager and schedule out an alternate time. I would also ask to get first pick on the next vacation period. Showing a bit of goodwill early will payoff later. By being gracious about it, I'm showing my willingness to be a team player to both my coworkers and management.
I would change my vacation plans.  I would be positive.  I would hope for the best.
I would ask my colleague if they had definitive plans that could not be changed.  If they had airfare or a vacation planned I would understand.  If they did not and I did i would try and convince them to let me have the week.
I would go to the supervisor and tell him that it should go on seniority. Whichever empolyee that hired out first should get the week. The reason why i would do this is because its the only fair way. And hopefully the supervisor would be commendable to it.
I would offer to let the colleague take the vacation time off now.  In return, I would ask that my request for time off around the Christmas holidays take priority over any other request.  That seems like a fair trade-off.
I would change my vacation to a different week. I can likely make my vacation plans work for another time. I am not picky about when I take vacation.
I would just go ahead and tell my supervisor I was willing to change my vacation dates. Since my colleague is refusing to change their plans, I would just find it easier not to fight them on it. I don't like drama and try to avoid it as much as possible.
I'd give in and let them have it because I'm a pushover like that and also because I don't go anywhere anymore
I would take the week my colleague didn't want to take.  I would expect the same treatment when/if vice versa next time the same situation would come up.
I would flip a coin, or at least offer to flip a coin. I wouldn't just back down and give in to them immediately. Unless they had a funeral or a family event, I would say that I still want to be in the running for that week. A coin flip is as fair as it can get.
I would ask my supervisor if there was any flexibility. I would also check to see which one of us asked for the time off first. If I asked after my coworker, I would allow the coworker to have the time off, but I would be reluctant to accommodate the coworker if I had been the first to request leave.
I would explain to this colleague that my vacation time is dependent on my husband's availability with his job in the military and we don't have any wiggle room. I would ask for the colleague to reconsider. If this colleague is still unwilling to change, I would explain the same with our supervisor and then have the supervisor make the final call. I feel that there needs to be some sway when it comes to military families due to the sacrifice our families make.
I would talk to my colleague and see if they are willing to change their week. I would also try to find out which of us requested the time off first - whoever asked for it first should get it. I would probably end up just not taking that week off and requesting the week right after it.
I would tell my manager to decide. There is no reason why I should allow my colleague to get their way. There needs to be a fair way to determine who gets vacation.
I would demand that who ever has more senority get the desired week off. it does not matter who wins in the end, as long as it is fair. And nothing is more fair than getting something extra over someone else because you have devoted more time to the company.
I would let them take the week off for vacation. I can use this to my advantage in the future in case I really need to get off for vacation, as I could say I did you favor before. I'm generally a pretty easy going and adaptable guy, I could make this situation work well I think.
I WOULD CHANGE MY VACATION TO OTHER WEEK. IT IS BEST TO BE IN PEACE WITH MY CO-WORKER. I CONSIDER THIS SITUATION VERY UNCOMFORTABLE.
I would ask my Supervisor who requested the vacation time 1st. If it was my colleague, I'd back out because it's only fair. However, if it was me who requested the time off 1st I'd ask my Supervisor to consider that fact in making his decision.
I would ask the supervisor to do a couple of things.  Check to see if we both followed the proper procedure in requesting time off.  Secondly, I would ask him who requested time off first.  Whomever requested time off first should get the vacation at the requested time.
I would be the bigger person and change my plans. I have no children so I don't have that as a conflict. I feel like as a single woman, that I need to be more flexible than the family people. If I had a big trip planned, and I already paid for it I would not be happy and I would not change my plans. I would ask that the person with less seniority change their plans or to be more fair, whoever asked first should get it.
I would switch with them if what I was doing was not pressing. If it was something that could not be changed, like needing to move a child away to college, I would not switch. If it came down to it, I would see who requested off first.
I would be willing to change my vacation time with my colleague.  I would do this out of respect for my fellow worker while trying to maintain harmony at the office.  The only exception to this would be if I had a commitment or money spent on a vacation myself that could not be changed.  If that was the case I would do my best to work with my colleague and boss to make sure the time and work could get done.
I would see if I could reschedule my vacation. If I could with little negative effect to me, I would just do that and compromise. If my plans were all pre-set and nonrefundable, I would appeal to my supervisor about all of my investments in my vacation and see which vacation is more of a loss if that week gets canceled for one of us.
If I had a good working relationship and respect for this colleague, I would attempt to accommodate their requests. If I did not have their respect, I would attempt to negotiate with my colleague. I would attempt to obtain a preferred work assignment or opportunity in exchange for my flexibility of changing my and my family's vacation. If the colleague is not willing, I would request my supervisor decide on who gets the week off.
That would depend on whether I had already booked plans.  If I hadn't then I would change my week to not cause trouble.  If I already had booked my travel plans I would go to the supervisor and tell him/her that they had to decide because we both have plans.
I would first try to find out who requested that week first. I think that whoever requested it first should get it. However, if I don't have anything booked or my plans are flexible I would just let my colleague have that week.
I would be upset, but as this scenario is written, I have no choice but to change my vacation.  I would probably also ignore my colleague for a while, as I would need some time to cool off.  Then, I would take time to try to understand why he/she was so unwilling to change their plans.
I would first try and see who put in for it first. If we both put it in at the same time then I would try and talk to my boss and whoever had seniority should get it off. If the boss wont do that, then i guess I would have to change my vacation date.
I WOULD GO AHEAD AND CHANGE MY DATE IF I HAVE NOT MADE ANY RESERAVATIONS. I WOULD DO IT TO AVOID AND FUSS AT WORK. IT WOULD BE NO BIG DEAL AS LONG ALSO IF IT IS NOT LAST MINUTE
I would change my week of vacation because I dont want to cause any problems to the company, and also I dont want to be in bad terms with my coworker, so I think that is the main reason to change my vacation time
I would be upset and probably hold a grudge against him or her. I may try to bribe him or her with some sort of incentive if there is no compromise. If that plan fails I would be very angry and it would become difficult to work together. I would simply have to change my vacation days because there is no getting around it.
I would probably just change my plans. Vacations can be taken almost anytime. Rather than upset the apple cart, I would prefer to keep peace in the workplace.
I would be willing to switch vacation days because they are not willing to change their vacation and there is no reason to try to make my supervisor make them change. It would be easier if I just changed it and then chose another vacation day that I would like to take. I would be very unhappy if my supervisor were to choose me to take the vacation if they were brought into it and I would rather maintain control over the situation. I think it would also look better on me for being willing to switch and might help me in the future.
The first thing I would do is reflect on what type of vacation it is. If I already have previous engagements at a place, then I would talk to my colleague and try to negotiate something. If I did not have previous engagements, then I would talk to my colleague and probably change the times around to work with my supervisor's schedule.
I would ask my colleague if they have plans that can be changed without penalty.  If so, I would try to convince them to take a different week.  I would tell them that I'd be willing to help them out with their workload in exchange.
I would be upset at the other colleague.  I would try to reason with the other colleague.  I would end up changing my own plans.
I would take my vacation as well. I am just as deserving as everyone else in the workplace. I am not a tool to make money, I am a human being.
I would simply base the decision on who gets the vacation time approved, on who submitted the request first. It makes sense that whoever has been planning for vacation longest should get it. It's unfortunate, however, that both of us can't go due to work needs. Hopefully in the future there will be enough employees to accommodate these types of requests
I will still go on vacation because it is my right. I will not care  if someone is there or not. it is my right and my colleaugues right so the company can cover up for both of us somehow
I WOULD MAKE THE DECISION FOR THE VACATION FOR THE SAME DAYS, BUT THE COLLEAGUE IS NOT CONVINCE TO CHANGE THEIR PLANS BECAUSE OF THEIR PLANS ARE VERY ACTIVELY AFFAIRS FOR THE FAMILY AND THE MANY OF FUNCTION RELATED SITUATIONS.  BUT MY PURPOSE IS ONLY FOR THE FAMILY AND SPEND VACATION TIME FOR THE FRIENDS AND THE SOME OF THE TRAVEL DESTINATIONS SO KINDLY I CAN CHANGE THE TIMING AND THE ACTIVITY OF THE MY PLANS IN THE VACATION TIMING AND DELIVERS SOME OF THE DECISION FOR THE COLLEAGUE
I would examine my vacation plans and see if I could change them. If not, I would meet with my colleague alone and discuss the situation to see if we can figure out some compromise. Perhaps we could move the dates of our vacations a bit to reduce the overlap, or maybe my colleague isn't as firm on those dates as it appears.  After that I'd request a meeting with my colleague and my supervisor to settle on a fair course of action that meets at least most of our goals. This would be the fairest way to do it.
I would move my vacation. If I had plans, I am certain they could be rearranged. I would take full advantage of the "brownie points" I would earn for being willing to change my request.
It depends on who requested it first.  If It was me I would be vehement in going on my vacation and making my co-worker stay behind.  If he went first, then I would probably concede since I view it as a first come first serve.
I would choose a different date as I don't have the tolerance to go back and forth with my colleague about this. However going forward I would definitely keep this in mind, because I'm pretty sure a time will arise where the colleague will need my assistance of some sort. A forgive but most definitely not forgetting situation.
I would most likely change my plans if that were possible to make it easier on the rest of my colleagues. If I couldn't easily change my plans either, I'd suggest some sort of selection game or process such as picking a number or doing rock,paper, scissors to figure out which one of us should get that week of vacation.
I would ask myself if it's something that would be easy for me to change. If I hadn't made any concrete plans (bought tickets, reservations the cannot be cancelled etc.) I would bring in this evidence to show my supervisor. It really also depends on who requested the week off FIRST. Did we both know about this policy beforehand? Was both our vacations approved and then retroactively they decided we both couldn't take the same week off? If nothing else I would try to have a private conversation with my coworker about who has more at stake if they cancelled plans. There are so many other facets to this question that would need to be explored.
I would first see how important this vacation date is to me. If it is not that important, then I would happily just choose another date. However, if the date is important to me, then I would tell the supervisor to decide himself because I cannot change dates.
I would try to move my vacation if possible. If my vacation could not be moved, because relatives or friends were attending, or I could not get a refund on reservations, I would try to convince my colleague to change. Maybe I could offer them a favor in return.
I would move around my plans.  There is not much that can't be put off until the next week.  I would make sure that I left my stuff done for my vacation week.
I would let the co-worker take the week off if they requested the time prior to me. If so, I would chose a different week to go. If the co-worker requested the time off after me, I would speak with the manager saying that it is only fair that I get the time since I requested it first.
I would stand my ground and let the supervisor decide who should stay to work for the week. I wouldn't attempt to talk the colleague into working the week. I would compromise if any incentive to work in the week was given.
I would not budge and attempt to get my requested vacation. I would state that I have already made the plans and cannot change them, and explain why I deserve that week of instead of the other person. If I performed better than them, I would definitely bring that up to further plead my case. If the employer won't budge, I'd offer to work remotely from the location a few days if the other person would agree to do the other days.
I would attempt to work out a deal with my colleague for splitting the vacation time of that week.  I understand that both of us would want to have that time off, but it would only be fair if a compromise could be met.  If the other employee was insistent on not changing their vacation and we both had a equal standing seniority/or first come first serve wise, I would then push to get it for myself based on my value to the business.  Either way, my colleague would understand either to compromise or risk losing entirely.
I would be considerate and let my coworker take a vacation during that time. I will take my vacation the following week. I feel that if the same situation were to happen again, they will return the favor for me and let me have the week off.
I would change my plans just to have a good image and show I can be nice. I don't mind changing my plans since I always do it. Maybe I would ask for a vacation the week after.
Putting my boss in a difficult situation is not advantageous to me or my colleague. It would be weighed against both of us. Therefore I would pick a different week for my vacation. This way all concerned parties would be happy.
I would definitely move my vacation week.  In the modern world almost everything is changeable and it is possible to modify or change plans easily.  So the particular week of my vacation would not be a sticking point with me.  I have actually done this in the past.
I would look at my plans and if possible "take one for the team" and change my vacation plans. I feel like this would not be a huge deal unless hotel reservations can't be changed or airline tickets can't be refunded. If at all possible, you should try and keep harmony at your work place.
I would ask them what is so pressing about their plans. Depending on their answer, I would decide whether to bargain with them or absolute refuse. Most likely, I would try to offer them the vacation time they want in exchange for some money or other incentive.
I would go ahead and change my plans.  I would want to help the company.  It may also show the boss I am dedicated to the job.
I feel I would approach them and ask if there's any way to change their vacation days. I'd also like to know if I had sent in my request before they did. If I did, I would mention that I had put in a request before they did. I would probably change my vacation time if they were unwilling
I would be willing to change my vacation plans to keep peace in the office.  However, I would make a mental note that I have done this.  If this issue were to come up again in the future with this same colleague I would recall this mental note and how I willingly changed my vacation plans to accommodate theirs.  We all need to be flexible in the office to be sure everyone gets their time off to get refreshed and come back to work renewed.
I would see if there was any way i could switch vacation times with him if he was unwilling i would ask my boss if there was a way i could take my vacation at a later time when no one else was taking their's.
I would converse with my colleague about it and see if there is any wiggle room on when they can go. If they are unwilling to budge, I would ask them if they wanted to flip a coin for it. If they were unwilling to do that, I would see who submitted first, and if it is mine I would insist that they work instead of me.
I personally would let him have the time.  Granted I hadn't paid for a vacation; plane fare, hotel etc.  If I did, I'd have to argue the fact with him.  Otherwise, I'd let him have the week off. If he's unwilling to change his plans he's probably a real sweetheart to work with. Not.
Unless my plans were urgent or time sensitive, I would probably be willing to change the week of my vacation. I would speak with my colleague and try to find out why he or she is so unwilling to change. If their plans are more urgent or time sensitive than mine, I'd agree that they should take that week off. If mine plans were more important, I'd try to convince my colleague to change his/her mind.
I would first ask my colleague if we could talk. I'd then find out what their plans were and if we could come to some kind of compromise. If not, if I had something pre-planned, I'm going anyway.
I usually ask for vacation well ahead of time, so I would probably be okay with changing. As long as I did not have some specific reason for those dates, I would not be too upset probably. I would think whoever asked first should get it.
I would be disappointed that I was not going to be able to get the time I wanted off.  However, I would not put up a fight and would let me colleague have the time off.  I would reschedule my vacation for a convenient time for myself and the company.
I would feel that I would have no choice but to change my vacation plans. I would not want to make the company suffer for my absence and I think it will make me look better in the long run to be flexiable with my vacation request to my management. I wouldn't be very happy about it and would resent the co-worker who refused to change thier vacation plans, but I would not want to lose my job over something so petty.
Depending on what the vacation was about, I would probably be the bigger person and just wait for another time. If they are unwilling to budge then it's worth it to be seen as the more mature figure.
I would begin to look for alternative dates for my vacation. If I had higher seniority than my co-worker I would present this to my supervisor to get the preferred week off. If this was not the case, I'd just have to change my plans.
I would do it, because I know my supervisor is being mindful f the reactions from both of us. Also, I would use this against them later. I am vengeful sometimes. I know that a situation like this may come up in the future.
I would probably not change my plans for vacation because it would cause everyone in my family to have to change their plans as well if the plans and reservations, as well as time requested off of work have already been approved by their supervisors and other arrangements made. I would explain that my family has already made arrangements with their employers, schools, etc. This would be something very important to me, because I do not make last minute vacation plans. I plan well in advance.
I would offer to stay at work.  I would give up my week for a different week as long as I didn't have something that was only doable at a specific time.  I would do this because as a Christian I believe that I should sacrfice my time when necessary.
I would see if there is a compromise or if who's plans are more important. I would like to see we can work something out and I am willing to change. Another alternative would be finding someone else for coverage.
in this kind of a situation, I would just surrender. I would let the other coworker take the vacation and just go another time. It is an inconvenience, but i took this job so i have to deal with it.
I would also not be willing to change my plans. I've made vacation plans for almost a year and everything is set. It is impossible for to cancel everything just because two of us can't take vacation the same week. I would put in for leave of absence to be able take my week vacation.
I would consider my colleague's wishes and try my best to reschedule my vacation. I would be upset but still try to be the bigger person.
I would let them take the vacation. My schedule is typically flexible and I could reschedule for a different week. It would be no issue.
I would ask whether there were alternate arrangements that could be made so that we could both take vacation at the same time, such as completing some work ahead of time or rescheduling projects.  I would also check to see which of the two of us asked first.  I would check with the colleague as to why they can't reschedule, and if it's a good reason, I would change my vacation request.
Depending on the circumstances and if I had plans that could be moved, I might just let my colleague take the week without any protest.  If that was the case however I would want first choice for the next year.
I would try to explain the nature of my vacation. If I had ordered tickets already, I may have to have continued discussion with my boss. It is possible that I could work out some sort of deal regarding trading current vacation days for additional days in the future. Furthermore, it may be beneficial to contact the HR department.
I would agree to change my vacation plans unless I had already booked the itinerary, which in that case I would let both him and my supervisor know this, with proof. If my itinerary was not booked yet, and nothing had been prearranged, then I would change my vacation week. However, I would request that moving forward, there be better polices in place regarding PTO. For instance, those with seniority have priority or possibly a "first come, first serve" policy.
I would take a different vacation week.  This is because I would not want to cause a problem at work.  It's not worth causing the conflict.  This would also maybe make them offer a favor to me.
It would depend on how serious my plans were. If I were going on vacation for example and I already had my tickets purchased for whatever I was going to, I wouldn't budge and say I need that week. Now if I just wanted time off then I would take a different week off that year.
I would be happy to change my plans. While it might not be convenient, it isn't really a big deal, and my turn will come around again in the future. I'd be happy to switch weeks.
I would try to make a deal with my co-worker. I would say that I would give it up if they would give me something in return. I would also ask who scheduled it first. I would try ot convince my supervisor to let us both have it.
I would not be willing to switch if I got my request in on time and was first.  If I requested second I might be willing to switch.  I would probably try to negotiate with my colleague and see whose plans might already have a fiscal commitment or any other specific details of the vacation.    If I were forced to under threat of say losing my job,  I would stay.  But if not, I would probably leave anyway especially if this was a pre planned trip that I had already committed a substantial amount of money into.
I would determine who had the vacation on the books first. If I had it first, I would take my vacation when I wanted to, however if the colleague had their vacation on the books first, I would allow them to take it. It highly depends on my relationship with the colleague and who had the projected vacation first.
My actions would be dependant on my vacation plans. If these were non-refundable, important and planned way-in-advance arrangements, I would find a way to negotiate with my colleague(s). Is there anything I can offer him to have him work with me? Could my other colleagues be talked into picking up extra hours that work? If my plans weren't already set, then I'd make a show of taking one for the team and make sure my colleague knew that I was making a "sacrifice" for him.
I would ask my coworker why they would not change their plans.  After that I would try to figure out some sort of compromise.  Perhaps one of us could have this vacation time and next time the other would get the vacation time.  If we could not reach an agreement, I would ask my boss to step in.
I would change mine if I could. If I couldn't, I would explain that to them, and hope that they would be more flexible. I would try to talk to them and find a solution.
I would offer to change my plans if they could potentially cover a day for me sometime in the future.  I feel like i am quite reasonable and dont usually like to start any kind of confrontation at work.  These are people that i have to see everyday so i would prefer to not make anything seem awkward.
I would just cancel my plans if it was easy enough to change the date. It'd be quick and simple, not to mention it'd probably look good to my supervisor. However, I'd be doing all I can to persuade my if it wasn't easy. If that means paying my colleague to stay behind this week, then so be it.
I would find out how this was handled in the past.  I would then find out if I had placed my request for vacation first.  Upon getting that information I would then talk to my supervisor stating that I placed my request first and it should be honored.
I would probably just go ahead and change my vacation plans.  I never make permanent plans or reservations before ensuring that I am able to be on vacation.  If a colleague was unwilling or unable to change their plans it would not bother me to change mine.  I have always put work and my career as more important that vacation.  This has actually happened to me and since I was in a position that the week I needed was for a wedding, my colleague changed their plans.  I think what goes around comes around.
I would not have a choice but to change my vacation plans. Hopefully I have not already paid deposits or made plans that cannot be changed. If I had and there was no way to adjust my vacation, I would find out which one of us technically requested the week off first. Whoever did should receive the week.
I would oblige to working the same week we both requested off. Thinking ahead, I could probably find an even better time to take my vacation. Also, this would gain positive attention from the boss.
I would probably go ahead and let my coworker have the week, if I hadn't already scheduled plans. I tend to shoot for the approval first, then make the plans, to avoid this type of matter. I wouldn't let it affect me too much, and I would be sure to let the supervisor know, to remember my leniency.
I would allow him to take the vacation and Marc it down. Next time when I need I will take vacation. This way I can show some empathy to the other person and also become trusted by supervisor.
It depends. If I have planned ahead of time, and can not change it, I would talk to my colleague and try to persuade him to change their vacation plans. If my vacation is flexible, it is fine, and I would change my plan and let him to take vacation.
It would depend what they are doing on their vacation. I would try to working things out if the things they were going to do had more meaning or importance than mine.
I would ask my co-worker why they cannot change their plans, perhaps they have to attend an event or have already booked their flight, etc... If my own plans are flexible, I would adjust them to another date to avoid conflict.  If we both cannot agree, I would expect the supervisor to make the deciding decision depending on who asked for the time first, or if there are other deciding factors.
i would just wait for another week to take my vacation i would try not to make a big deal about it and i may look as someone who doesnt create problems in front of the supervisor or boss
I would let my boss know that it is unfair. Hopefully, one of us asked first and the second person will just have to re-schedule their vacation. Most places I've worked for over the last 44 years go by seniority and who put the request in first. It's only fair.
i would change my plans so my colleague could go but as a trade off, if it happens again in the future then my colleague would have to change their plans and stay. They may have a good reason why they won't change their plans. I will be flexible this time as I like to be a team player and be supported of my fellow co workers.
I would most like change my vacation plans. Obviously, if one person has to change and the other won't, then it's up to the second person to change. I'm pretty flexible, anyway.
I will try to talk to the co-worker. I would try to reason with them. Hopefully with the intent to come to a compromise. I would also consider altering my schedule. And potentially shaming the other co-worker.
I would alter my plans to ensure I could vacation during the holidays since this is the only time I take a really long vacation. If it was during the holidays I would shift my vacation a few days left or right but still take the same amount of time. If nothing else worked, I would volunteer to telework on my vacation.
I would talk to the coworker and see if there is any flexibility since I have family plans.  If the coworker does too, I would like need to change my plans for another week.
I would take a different week. I do not mind as long as I get time off. I think our time is better used on work instead of further discussing this.
I would select another week for vacation. I want to keep in good standing with my supervisor and my coworkers.
I would try to discuss how important stuff my colleague will be doing in that vacation. If it is something important and personal, i would change the plan
If my plans were flexible and I had no reservations that could not be rescheduled, I would change my vacation time. If I had already made commitments that would cause me to lose out on opportunities or lose deposits, I would point this out to my colleague and ask if they were under similar constraints. If they were unreasonable, I would appeal to my supervisor.
I would first try to convince my colleague and if he gave a solid reason why he is not willing to change his vacation plans, i will manage my plan as I want peace and I want to relax on my vacation, I would not be able to spend my vacation nicely if I took them under pressure. also I do not want my supervisor to face any problem so I would adjust.
I would talk to the other employee and let him know that I also value that week for vacation. I would expect that he would explain why it is important to him. If he does so, i would probably back down and let the supervisor know that I'm willing to change plans to help the company.
I would change my vacation plans. I usually plan to spend time with family. I would just need to let them know I am coming a different week.
I would try and work it out with the colleague. If that failed, I would attempt to change my own plans. I would be willing to change mine in order to keep workplace harmony.
I would, depending on how important the time off I r would inquire about who requested it off first, because that should be the only deciding factor. Those are really the only two options.
I would not give mine up either. It may look bad but I will not be walked over. If the other people are not willing to negotiate then either am I.
I would determine who put in for the vacation first. If I requested off first, I would stick to my guns and refuse to change my vacation. If the other person requested first, i would schedule my vacation another week.
To avoid a bad stressful situation at work like a lot of tension with my colleague over who will take vacation one week over another. And avoid creating a bad work environment. I have no choice but to let my colleague have their vacation time and wait.
I would try and compromise if possible. If the co worker was refusing to compromise, I would compare our plans for vacation together and see who has easier to cancel plans. If my plans were easier to cancel, I would cancel them first.
I would take my vacation. I planned it and vacations are meant for relaxing. I would not sacrifice my vacation week for my colleague.
I would probably just have to suck this one up.  Not real sure here.  If my colleague is unwilling to change their vacation plans, then it appears I a\m backed in a corner to where I would be expected to change mine.  At this point I am not happy.  But nothing else I can do.
If I have scheduled flights or events, I would also not willingly change my vacation plans.  I would leave the decision to my supervisor.  If, however, I do not have definitive plans, I would be happy to rearrange my vacation plans to help my colleague.
I would just change my plans. I am not picky. If it was a specific event, I would try to negotiate or even do something for them to make up for it.
I would expect my supervisor to make the decision regarding which of us would be able to take the requested vacation time.  In fairness, I feel whomever submitted the request first should be granted the time.  If I had already made any financial commitments related to the vacation time (for example, placing a non-refundable deposit on a hotel room), I would definitely hope I would be granted the time and would stick up for myself.  If my colleague had requested the time before me, I would be disappointed and sulk but would understand that my colleague should be granted the time in that case.
I would ask the coworker what he had specifically so we could figure out who's schedule is less likely to be malleable, but also depending on company policy I might ask the boss to make an exception as most companies have a policy of asking for time off ahead of time. In the end, I'm not confrontational, and If I could find a way to rearrange my vacation, I would.
I guess I would change my plans if he refused.  I would be upset but I would hope that maybe my willingness to change would garner me favor with my supervisor.  I would hope that it would show flexibility on my part.
I would ask the supervisor who requested that week first. If it was him, I would change my week and make different plans. If I requested it first, I would try to get that week off myself. I would talk to the supervisor and tell him I was unwilling to change, I requested it first, and that I should get it.
I would clearly asked for the days off first. I will go talk to my manager to express this. There are protocols to follow and since I asked first that means the days I requested are of top priority so I shouldn't lose my days
I would compromise by making sure the next time I would vacation, my colleague must work for me.  I feel this way because it's about fairness, even though at this time, my colleague wasn't willing to change plans.  I don't feel the matter is serious enough to cause any kind of personal issue to the colleague for his action.
I would approach them about their plans. Assuming my plans arent as important as his I would cede and plan a different week. If I view mine as more important I would sit down and express that with them.
i would change the week of my vacation. I rarely had a time sensitive vacation. I also would always schedule for the slowest time of the year.
I would let them take the time off. I would tell them that if we have this problem again then it would be their turn to step back. It is not that serious. I would just let them have the time.
If we talked about it early enough I would shift my week. I live alone and have a pretty flexible lifestyle. I am also a Libra and avoid conflict whenever possible. A lot depends too on how long we colleagues have worked alongside each other, and what is the future of our employment here.  Also, I am not really much of a vacation type person, seldom using the days allotted by my job each year.
i would consider changing my vacation week to some other dates. i would try to find out why my colleague is unwilling to change his dates. if there is good enough reason, better than mine, then i will make the sacrifice.
I would find out what everyone's plans are. The plans would be my deciding factors and if someone was going to lose money etc. I would then have the decision made by an unbiased choice maker.
I would probably change, assuming that I do not have money already sunk into a planned vacation.  In that case, assuming that I had already booked, I would stick to my guns or ask for compensation.  In that scenario I presumably asked first and already spent money in good faith and would expect the company to support me.
I would ask my supervisor to make a decision based on seniority. If she fails to do that, I may consider taking my grievance to Human Resources. I would also ask if both of us could take the same vacation and use a temp service to cover our work.
I would probably just work the schedule as normal.  I would definitely use this though for my next pay raise and make sure my boss knows that I gave up my vacation time to accommodate a co-worker.  I would not be angry towards my co-worker, even though inside I would feel anger towards him/her.
I would consider the situation as one that I can show maturity and depth. I would tell my boss that I will change my vacation week to a different week. I would explain to the boss that I recognize that responsibility is a big part of any job and to show my responsibility to the job I have I would be willing to change the vacation dates I was going to take.
I would do my best to talk to my family members and try to change our plans. I would also see if there is a compromise that could be made. Perhaps my coworker could the beginning of that week and I could take the end of that week.
I would state the reasoning why I had requested the vacation to be that week and ask her to state her reasoning. If her reasoning was better, then I would tell her she could have that week and I will take another. If she was being difficult and could not come up with good reasoning, then I would take it to my supervisor again.
I would discuss it with my supervisor further. I would ask who requested it first. Then I would ask who had more seniority in the company. I don't think it's fair that I would have to change mine just because the other person doesn't want to.
Well I'm not willing to change my plans either. I wanted this vacation and if it's for a week that means I probably made reservations to leave the country. Also, based off of the passage, it appears that I could have requested it first. Either way, I'm simply not going to show up during that week, so what happens happens.
I would allow my colleague to the week's vacation.  However, since I am giving in and allowing them to have the week, I would request an extra few days of vacation to be used at another time.  I would point out that I am being flexible and try to use that to my advantage.
I would try to make plans for another week.  I would avoid confrontation.  I would try to work out the problem to see if we can make it work.
I would agree to go into work during the week my coworker is absent. We would have a conversation about me taking off another time in the future. All parties involved would be considerate of each other.
If they weren't willing to change their time off then I would change mine. I wouldn't be happy about it and I would remember it for the future, but I would do so, since someone has to be at work to keep things from getting crazy.
I would evaluate my vacation plans to see if they could be changed first. I like to be accommodating, so if I could make a different week work, then I would do so. If not, I would ask my colleague to compromise with me so that maybe the next time this situation happens, I would get to go on vacation, and they would stay at work.
It would really depend on my colleague's situation. Like if they have children and that is the only time they can take a vacation because of school, etc. In this situation I guess I would take a different week, but if it happened again in the future I would hope my colleague would change their plans instead.
I would offer to pay my colleague if they could change their week. If not I would rearrange plans with my family. I would tell my boss we need to do things differently next year. I would try to talk to my colleague in advance about the next vacation.
Assuming I can't change my plans either, I would probably talk to the supervisor about things. I don't think it's fair that the coworker should be able to essentially bully me into trying to not take my vacation week. However, if I can easily change my plans, I probably wouldn't push it because I would rather not deal with the conflict.
I personally would switch with my colleague as I never usually go on expensive trips, etc. Almost always, it would be something local if I were in this situation and therefore I could switch without too much hassle.
If I had requested my vacation first I would push back a little bit to try to get them to switch. Otherwise I would try to see if we could compromise and each have half of the week off as originally planned and take before or after off. I would not be happy if I had to completely reschedule but I probably would to keep a job.
I would change my vacation if I didn't have any plans.  If I had plans I would go ask my manager to approve and tell him I already have paid for certain things and can not get a refund.  I would do this because it is true.
I would talk to the colleague to make my own assessment of how time-sensitive his plans are.  If his/her plans are pretty tied to that week but my plans are not, I would strongly consider asking for a different week. If my plans are more dependent on that week that the colleague's, I would continue negotiating with the colleague to see if I could convince him or her to change. If I was unable to negotiate an appropriate outcome I would ask the supervisor to help mediate a solution.
Apperenly I have a choice in  the matter. It would seem unfair to bend to thier demands but this is life. I will wait patienly for my time off to cleared by the manager.
I would ask my colleague to reconsider their choice because I would want to go on my vacation. But if my colleague is still being difficult, I would just change my week to another week. It wouldn't be deal to me because I wouldn't want to damper my vacation mindset with drama  of work.
I would change my plans. I wouldn't think highly of my colleague because of how selfish they responded. In order to not be upset all my colleague would have to do is explain to me why it is important to them to have that particular week off. If the excuse wasn't valid than I really wouldn't associate with that person anymore and I would keep my distance at all costs. I would be the bigger one though and just move my vacation to another week. I think overall it would show me in a different light with my boss.
I would ask my colleague if he booked anywhere to stay. Also did he need a flight to get to his destination. If it wasn't a big deal I would just make plans to take the other time off from work.
I would not be willing to change my plans either, unless I had not yet made the plans final and I could work it into my schedule to take the vacation another time. I'd say I'd be more flexible than the other person, just because I would want to avoid a conflict and make it work the best I could.
I would be willing to change my plans, but would expect something in return. I would attempt to negotiate for an extra day's vacation or some other small reward for making the change. I would do this because I believe in compromise, give and take, and being rewarded for doing the right thing.
I would negotiate with my colleague first to figure out who can be a priority to take this vacation week. If my colleague cannot change their vacation plans I would reschedule my plans to take another week. Or I would ask another colleague to take my job duty during this week and I will also do it for he/she later on.
