I would reconsider my plans, and see if they were more flexible than my co-worker's. If they weren't, then I would talk to my co-worker to see what their plans were, and if it was a scheduling issue, or their stubborn self not wanted to switch weeks. Most likely though, as I'm very good at planning, I would most likely relinquish the week, as I wouldn't plan my vacation until I received the go-ahead from my boss.
I would change my vacation plans. I would be happy to be amenable in the workplace. I would think it more important to be considered a generous, giving team player than to have my preferred week of vacation. Rather than be annoyed, I would think that my flexibility reflects positively upon me.
I would let my colleague take his vacation and I would stay behind. I would do this because I do not feel it is a big deal to postpone my vacation until later. I feel that both of us are going to get our vacations one way or the other so it does not matter who gets their vacation first.
I would ,go a head and change my vacation to another week.But I would tell my boss that it would be my firm decision. Sometimes you just have to give in.
I would speak to my colleague individuallly to see if we could work it out without management involvement.  Assuming both of us needed the same week and neither could change plans, a decision would have to be made.  I would try to accomodate the request of the other, but if that was not possible, the supervisor would have ot make a decision
I would talk with my colleague because they have plans they can't change.  If I'm not going anywhere, perhaps I would change my week even if I had made the request first.  I would at least be willing to compromise if I could. If they had made the request before I did, then I would simply have to change my week.
I would probably agree to my colleagues demands. However, I would expect something in return, as I’m doing them a favor by cancelling my plans. I would expect them to help me with certain work tasks either when I return or during my own vacation, in return for rescheduling my vacation.
I would look at my plans to see if they can be adjusted.  If not I would go talk with my colleague and see if we can make some adjustments.  If we can work it out that will be great.  If not then the one who made the first request should have their request honored.
I would change my vacation just so there won't be any conflict. I rather be the bigger person, so there wouldn't be any hassle, I don't need things at work or to make life more complicated that it already is.
I would say we are both entitled to this time off . I would compare stories with my colleague and if their need for that week was greater then mine or  if I could change my plans I would take a different week off.
I would probably take my vacation after the collegaue because i believe that I should put my work first before fun time. Im also somewhat of a workaholic so this would not bother me to much.
I would discuss this with my manager. I would see if my manager could see if my co-worker and I could come to an agreement. If not, I would take my vacation time at another time.
I would talk to my colleague to see if he has reservations. If not I would try to have him change his vacation since you requested it off first. If he/she won't change their vacation I would change mine but not be happy about it.
I would not give up my vacation for someone else, because I worked hard, too. I have important hings to do. I don’t mind negotiating or flipping a coin, however. I would certainly fight it.
Unless I had tickets that I couldn't change I would just take my vacation another week.  It's not worth the hassle of fighting about it.  Next time something like this happens my manager will remember that I took one for the team.
I would be more than happy to change my vacation time. I'm very flexible and we are a good team. I would also like to be seen by my manager as being a team player.
I would try to request my vacation at another time. I have had that happen to me once and I was fine with changing my days. I usually like to be flexible and understanding with my coworkers.
I would change my plans. It seems to be better to be cohesive with a co-worker. I presume their plans are not easily changeable.
I would try to change my vacation, if not then she can change hers. One of them would be easier to change than the other.
I would try to find out who made the request for vacation first. If my colleague made their request first, I would honor that and choose a different week. If I made my request first, I would present this information to our supervisor to enforce a fair policy.
I would talk to my colleague about their vacation the importance of their vacation plans. If they have very important plans such as attending an important family event I would reschedule my vacation plans. If I had very important plans, and I thought they didn't I would try to change their mind. If I thought they weren't being reasonable I would talk to my supervisor and suggest that the person that should get the week off is the one that asked for the week off first.
I like to think that I lead a fluid and flexible life.  Unless I have plane tickets or non-cancellable reservations for a resort, I really don't see a problem with changing my vacation to accommodate.  This could be multi-faceted beneficially - I would make the colleague happy by allowing him to take his already scheduled vacation.  I might also look more favorable to management since I was willing to change my plans, and possibly more opportunites would come my way?
I would still take my vacation. It is not my fault that the other employee decided to take their vacation at the same time as me. I am entitled to my vacation.
I would talk with my colleague and find out why they are unwilling or unable to change their plans. If my plans are flexible, I would simply let them have the week and change my schedule. If my plans were not flexible, I would talk with the colleague and supervisor together to see if we could work something out so both of us got at least part of the week we wanted off.
I would, first off, explain the situation to my supervisor. Compromosing, in my honest opinion, would be the most reasonable option. I would see if another co-worker would take my place. If that doesn't work, I'd probably cut my losses if the reason I was taking off wasn't too important.
I would want to know what my colleague was going on vacation for, and consider it against what I was going on vacation for. It would depend if I was able to rearrange my travel schedule, if I had already paid for it, and for what I was traveling for. Is my colleague just being rude and not wanting to be inconvenienced by having to reschedule their trip? Or, is it something important, like a funeral or a wedding?
I would try to change the week of my vacation. If I couldn’t I’d insist they change theirs. If not I’ll put it off for a while. I wouldn’t want my workplace to struggle.
Unless I already had flights or hotel arrangements made, I would just change my vacation to a different week.  While I may not necessarily like it, if I didn't do it, there could likely be retaliation from this employee that could affect my job.  To me it's not worth squabbling over unless I already have reservations made and paid for.  If that is the case the I would take the copies to my boss and show them and stand my ground.
I would change my plans. but would ask for something in return for putting my plans on hold. I would ask the other employee if he/she would cover for me at some date if I needed her to.
I would approach my colleague first and try to figure out who put in the request first. Second I would see if they are vacationing with family or not. If not then I wouldn't back down. Worst comes to worst I'd ask my supervisor to be the tie breaker.
I would talk with my supervisor. I'd ask him who put in for vacation time first. Then suggest that whoever did, should get it.
I would speak with my colleague in an attempt to understand why he is unwilling or unable to change his vacation plans.  If my vacation plans were flexible then I would change my plans and let my colleague take his vacation.  Other wise, I would try to persuade him to change his plans and offer something in return (e.g., cover a shift I know he doesn't want to work).  If I was unsuccessful in getting him to change his vacation plans then I would talk to my supervisor and insist that as a supervisor he intervene and decide who gets to take vacation that week.
Since my colleague is not willing to change their plans, then I will be the bigger person and change mines instead. It wouldn't make a big difference to me because what I have planned can wait. I don't mind doing things like this and plus it makes me look good as a person.
I would talk to my colleague about his vacation plans. I would see if its possible we could trade vacation days for a time he wants and a time I want.  If he is unwilling to trade, I will try and find a time that I need as soon possible, so it doesn't get taken first.
I would try to negotiate. I would ask if they have anything in particular planned and if I do and they don't maybe we could rearrange it. It seems the most straightforward first step.
I would try and find a way to reschedule my vacation if possible. If that were not possible I would try and find a way for us both to be able to take vacation at the same time or work ahead so I would be able to take vacation.
It all depends on if I have something planned for the vacation.  If I do, I will try to talk with the other colleague and see if we could compromise a solution.  If I ended up not able to take the vacation, I definitely will put in my time in advance next time and make sure I get approval before planning anything next time.
If it were possible for me to exchange my vacation, then I would agree to do so.  I would be accommodating because I could afford to be.  If I didn't have any definite plans, I would have no problem taking my vacation at another time.
IF my plans were flexible, I would change my vacation.  However, I prefer being pro-active, so I would have avoided the situation by checking with my colleagues before scheduling a vacation.  If that had been the case, I would rely on the fact that I had checked with colleagues before scheduling and the fact that I had scheduled vacation first.
I would first talk to my colleague to see what they have going on during that week.  I would do this to see if either of us has something that can be cancelled.  We both need to be reasonable. If nothing can be agreed upon, I would agree to let them go ahead and use that week, as I do not like disagreements.
I would find out from the supervisor who asked for the vacation first. If they asked first I would change my vacation to a different week. If they asked for it first I would change my vacation and also ask for priority to schedule my vacation the next time. If we both asked at the same time I would hope that the employee with the most seniority would get the week.
I would hopefully be able to change mine. If I had nonrefundable tickets though there may be a battle with my coworker. Maybe try to convince the boss he could live without both of us for the week.
I would first ask my colleague if their vacation had any special occasion. If it did not then I would ask about their vacation and ask why this particular week it has to be. If they have no significant reason then I would ask my supervisor who requested off first for vacation. I think if there is no special occasion involved then the one who first requested should get it.
I would find out who asked for the vacation time first and go with that. If either one of us had a very important function to attend, it would be proper for the other to change dates. The only fair way, in all other cases, would be to give it to the person who requested it first.
I would first try to understand the situation fully, finding out why my coworker cannot change their plans and what exactly my supervisor's concerns were, so that I do not assume incorrectly. I would then discuss options with both my supervisor and colleague. For instance, I would ask my supervisor if I could work remote for a few hours on vacation to help with the workload, allowing both me and my coworker to go on vacation. I would also ask my coworker if they would be willing to work some hours while on vacation to help with the supervisor's concerns. Worst comes to worst, I would change my vacation plans, I'm sure that there would be serious reasons for both my coworker and supervisor to be inflexible.
This would really depend on the reason I would need the vacation time off. If there was something that was important happening like a family event, I would pressure my boss into deciding based on need for time off. If it was just for a trip or something I could change, then I would be willing to change the time I needed off.
I would change my vacation week. In addition, I'd suggest to the supervisor that going forward, it might be a good idea for people in their department to submit vacation requests in advance, and these would have to be approved. This way, the supervisor could determine the scheduling of vacations and avoid a situation where somebody who had already made travel arrangements would have to cancel and reschedule their plans.
I would change my vacation date because my colleague is unwilling to change his. It won’t be a big deal. I will take the week after for vacation. If my colleague is rigid on this small matter, then I should not fight it
I would try and make changes with my family first.  If I was able to change my vacation, then I would not have a problem switching at work.  I think this would help my coworker not feel bad as well.
I would first consider if I could easily swap out my vacation dates.  If I could change my vacation without it negatively impacting my family then I would just change the dates because it reduces conflict.  If it would negatively impact my family then I would explain the situation to my co-worker and see if we could work out a deal.  I would try to work out a deal because the co-worker might be more flexible with at least a few days if they understood the constraints I had as well.
I would meet with my colleague and discuss their vacation plans to understand how invested they were in the certain week. For example, had they already made flight purchases and it was for a special family getaway I would shift my plans to another week.
I would first find out who requested vacation first.  I believe whomever put in their request first should have priority.  If the requests were put in at exactly the same time, I would talk to my colleague to see if we could determine who would have the bigger burden (ie greater cost, others have schedule vacation times to coordinate).  If we could not reach an agreement based on that, I would find an unbiased third party to review the facts and make a decision as to who should have to defer.
If this was a vacation where I did not have a financial investment already made that forced me to go (plane ticket, reservations at hotel or lodging) and or a plan to meet with friends or family that was scheduled in advance, I would be willing to change my plans. If I was willing to volunteer to change my plans, I would then ask for a coin flip.
I would speak to my supervisor and see who requested first. Whoever was first should get the time.  If this does not solve the issue I will not hesitate to go above my supervisor to the manager.
I would consider if my plans were changeable. For example, I'd check to see if I could change my hotel or flight dates and I'd have to check with the kids schools to see when they can take off of school. Then I'd be able to come back with an answer of whether I can or can't be more accommodating.
I would change my plans unless it was already paid for. If I paid and booked a trip already i would not cancel my plans. Some trips are non refundable so it would not be able to be changed.
I would sit down with my colleague and review such things as seniority, pertinence of the vacation and who requested the vacation first. If we could not come to an agreement after discussing the vacation time that was requested. I may opt to change my vacation to a later date as to keep the solidarity and harmony of my workplace.
I have to deal this situation all the time since I work for a small company. I would always come up with a solution that works for both of us. If I did not have any vacations plans, I would gladly change my plans as to the hope that the other person would do the same to me.
Depending on whether or not I had reservations, I would probably change mine.  If I did have plans which I had already paid for, I would ask my employer to grant the vacation according to who asked first and seniority.  I would make sure I had the vacation approved before making plans though.
If I had more seniority and the vacation was already planned I would try and talk my co-worker into changing. If that person still insists on that same week I would find a mediator to help.
I would tell my supervisor I can't change my plan because I already booked hotel and plane ticket. It is too expensive to make changes now. I will do extra work for colleagues that help cover me when I am away
I would change my plans. I'm usually easy to deal with and can find another suitable time to go. It is currently only my wife and I with no specific plans. Taking another date would and making it easier for my supervisor could be a benefit for me in the future.
I would reschedule my vacation. Being part of a team requires flexibility, there are times we need to make sacrifices and be their for our company. I feel optimistic that at some point in the future my colleague would return the favor and help me when I needed it.
I would discuss with my colleague about the vacation week.  I would see if there was any possibility for a compromise.  If maybe both of us could take off around the same time without overlapping.
I would feel that whoever had scheduled it first should be entitled to it. The situation described does not indicate who requested the vacation first. Assuming that I requested it second I suppose I would have to go along with not being able to take the vacation week. By the same note if they requested it after me I believe they should have to work it. I understand that they are not willing to change in the situation, but I just do not see a reason for me to cave into that should I have put in for the vacation first.
I would ask my supervisor as to whom submitted the vacation request first. If the vacation request was submitted at the same time, then I would talk to my colleague about their vacation plans and how set they are on this week. I would do this just to see if they have already made plans that can not be cancelled or rescheduled without financial detriment and if this is the case, then I will change my vacation week to the one immediately after.
Well obviously in this case my colleague has made arrangements.  I would take mine as soon as they came back.  Why act like a douchebag?
I would see if I am able to change my plans. I would try and change my plans since the other person is unable to change theirs. That way I would be able to work when they are on vacation, and they are able to work when I go.
I would wait more time to take my vacation. It's not really a big problem to me. I would just wait. But I would remind them that they owe me a favor.
I would try to first talk to my colleague and see if I could convince them to move their plans. I would offer to pick up some of their work during their vacation week if they agreed to change it. If they were unwilling to change their vacation plans still, I would rearrange my plans to take a vacation a different week.
I would go to my supervisor. I would let them know that I had requested it first and that its only fair that I get it. I would justify my reasoning because the coworker is unwilling to change any of their plans.
If the colleague asked or scheduled their vacation first then they are entitled to that time off. Since they have already indicated that they are not willing to change their vacation plans I would have to make some changes. I would do whatever I needed to in order to reschedule my vacation. In the future I would be more apt to request vacation time as soon as possible to avoid this from occurring in the future.
I would tell him that he can have it and that I will take another week later, the bible tells us to think of others MORE highly than ourselves and in doing so, maybe he will see that christians ARE good people and want to help and that will be a testimony to the Love of Jesus Christ
I would just let the other person take the vacation week.  I could let it go.  My family would be flexible.
I would let my colleague have their vacation this time, but I would let it be known that next year if we are still working for the same company that I would have first choice concerning vacation time.
I would try to talk with my colleague privately to resolve the situation.  I would ask why he needs the vacation at this exact time, and explain why I want to take one that week.  Then hopefully we could come to a joint decision on who gets the week. I would try to change my vacation plan timing if it was possible (if I wouldn't lose money on hotel, etc). I believe we could work it out.
I would probably settle it with a seeming game of chance like picking the dates for the vacations from a box filled with dates. It would offer a sense of equal random chance for fairness, so my colleague is likely to accept. However, I will subtly rig the box by pocketing the paper with the earliest date and pulling it out at the right moment to ensure that I come out as the victor.
I would talk to my supervisor first.  If I had been the first one to request that week off, I would explain that situation to him.  If I wasn’t the first one to request that time off, I would be fine switching my dates.
I would have no choice but to change my plans. I would be very annoyed however and request the other employee at least split the time so that each of us could have some of the time we requested. Ultimately, it's not worth losing my job over.
I would first explain to my supervisor that I had already put my vacation plans in before the supervisor accepted the other person's.  I then would try and reason with the other coworker and tell them the same thing. If both do not work, then I would go to the supervisor and say that they should decide the vacation because neither of us are able to. The reason for this is because I want the supervisor having the power to decide and not us.
It would depend on why I requested the time off.  If it was for a family emergency I would try to negotiate with my co-worker.  I would try to talk to my supervisor to see if it could be worked out somehow.
I am willing to change my vacation because it really does not matter to me when I go on vacation.  I like to cooperate with my coworkers so this would be easy to do. I feel that changing my vacation time is not a huge deal and would make things easy if I cooperate.
I would discuss my co-workers reason for taking vacation.  If it was non-detrimental and mine was, I would ask for him to compromise for me.  If mine was unimportant and his was important, I would switch my vacation time.
This depends a whole lot on the circumstances of the colleague's request and the reasons for the vacation. But considering only the details given here in this scenario, I would have no problem moving my vacation to a different week. Flexibility is a good workplace asset and I'd see this situation as a chance to demonstrate a positive quality.
I would not be willing to change my vacation plans either. Neither one of us is entitled to a vacation over the other. I would rather leave it to my boss or even flip a coin to see. Fair is fair.
I would hate it but I would understand.  If this request involved an event like a wedding I would ask if I could have one or two days off and offer to work overtime when I returned.    I would choose a different week but be ready next year to put in my vacation requests as soon as I was allowed to.
I would also not be willing to change my plans.  I already the trip planned and my husband took the same time off.  I would talk to my boss and make a case for my time off.
I would most likely change my vacation, depending on what my plans were. I would ask who requested it first because I think it is most fair if that person gets the week off. However, realistically I would probably be passive and avoid conflict with the stubborn coworker.
I would first talk to my coworker and try to convince them why I need the week of and see if they can move. Failing that I would look at my own plans and see if I would be able to move. If neither of us were willing to move our vacation I would see if we could work out something with the supervisor where we could do some work in advance. Otherwise neither of us should get the week off.
I would first consider what I had planned for vacation and if I could change my plans. If I could change my plans I would go ahead and change my vacation. If I could not change my plans and had been the first person to request the vacation I would demand that I get my vacation or the company would need to pay any cancellation fees that resulted from having to cancel the vacation
I would volunteer to change mine. I would tell the person that next time is my turn. I would have them commit to that 'deal.' I would tell my supervisor of our arrangement.
If I worked some place that I had more seniority, I would simply object to their vacation. If not I would try to talk with my colleague. I would try to reason with them as to why they should change their plans. If their reason is more valid than mine then I would change mine.
I would gladly change my plans. I like to be cooperative and considerate. Changing around vacations days to accommodate someone else is an easy way to prove friendship and camaraderie.
I would go ahead and let them take their's first. I take my vacations alone and I am very flexible. This would not be a big deal to me.
If I did not have a serious conflict and it was far enough ahead of the planned week, I would attempt to re-schedule my vacation. It is not so much for the colleague if they are so unwilling to change plans, but moreso to be responsible and make sure work gets covered and also I am a flexible person that easily adapts to change which often other people are not. My decision might also depend on if I have already paid for a vacation and costs are non-refundable or the supervisor's demands are unreasonable. I then might attempt to negotiate or refuse depending on the circumstances.
I would not like it, but I would let them have it. I would just do it with the condition that next time, I get first choice. I don't think it is worth fighting over.
I would get over it and move on with life. Let the baby have their bottle. Life is short, why worry.
I would probably give in to his request. i don't take many vacations. when I do vacation its usually to work on my home or just to rewind. I don't travel much.
I would ask my colleague why they need this vacation week so badly, and hear them out. If their reasoning was good enough, such as plane tickets on that date, I wouldn't argue for it. If I had a better reason, however, I would try to convince them otherwise.
I would request that the person who requested the vacation first be allowed to take vacation. I would discuss with the coworker to determine whose vacation is easier to cancel. Ideally if the the other person's vacation is movable, I could take mine as scheduled.
I would try to dear with my colleagues in ordet to solve the issue withou involve our boss. If hi's not agree, I would ask to my boss take place on this situation because I scheduled my vacations first than my colleague.
I would work that week.  My colleague may be on vacation, but I will be making all the money that they will be missing.  I believe that bosses look at more flexible employees for promotions and that is just one more thing that works in my favor.
I would tell my co-worker that for this year I am willing to change my plans but for the holidays of the new period it is he who makes the sacrifice to modify his plans as I realized
I would ask who put in for the vacation first? Would there be a lost of some sort if not taken? I would ask who has seniority. It depends on why the vacation was needed first because it depends on the importance of the vacation.
If I had not planned my vacation yet then I would give in to my colleague. However if I had already made plans then I would insist I stick to my original plan. The boss needs to decide which of us cna take the vacation leave based on performance and other work related factors.
I would consider changing my vacation. I would also consider getting a new job, or suggest they hire more people. But realistically someone has to budge, so maybe make a compromise either split it up so that you get half the week you want and they get half the week they want. or next year whoever changes gets their choice.
It would depend on if my plans could be changed. If they could I would be the bigger person, because for some reason I love being a martyr.   If they could not be changed. I would insist that our supervisor decides for us. If they couldn't or just wouldn't we should lose the days off work and just get the extra check.
This depends on the type of vacation we are going to take; If my colleague is going to go with his family to some place and I am going to stay at home to rest, I do not care and I can give my colleague that time.
I would kindly ask him again to change his request and if that did not work I would change my days off because i try to do the nice thing And changing my days off is not a big deal to me
I would check if I switched it to the following week or previous week would it make a difference.  If I have made commitments with others or have non refundable reservations I would speak to the coworker. I would ask if they had were in a similiar situation and explain my situation.  If the same I would try to work out something.  If unable I would let whoever signed up first go as scheduled.  I tried my best to not cause any long term hurt feelings.
Typically, I am very flexible person and would adjust my vacation dates.  I am of the belief that it's a minor inconvenience and that me prioritizing work will benefit me in the long term.
I would talk to my colleague and tell them that since I don't have plans to travel for my vacation, I will take different week.  However, the next time we choose vacation weeks, I get first choice for which week I want.  If you want the same week next time, you need to stand down and work and allow me to take the requested time off.
If I don't have plane tickets or a firm reason why I need that week off, I would change my vacation dates to accommodate for the busyness at work. I would do this so as not to create any type of conflict with my colleague. I would also do this to continue to be in good standing with my boss.
I would just reschedule my vacation for the following week. I wouldn't make a big deal about it. I would definitely schedule my vacation for the next year alittle early to get the week I want.
I'd consider how important it would be for myself to postpone vacation plans. If I could not make changes in the schedule, I myself would be just as stubborn in not willing to change. If this created conflict, so be it. If schedule could be changed, I would do so to avoid unnecessary conflict.
I would talk to my colleague and I would explain the reasons of my decision. If after the conversation he continues with the idea to take the vacations, I would evaluate the change of my vacations. I would change it if the reasons of my colleague are good for himself and his family.
If possible I would change the date of my vacation. This will show my boss that I care about the company and my job. This will bring a good light to my loyalty to the company.
I would have a discussion with my colleague.  My willingness to change my time would be dependent upon why I wanted the vacation.  If I were going to a wedding or some fixed time event, I would explain that.
I would discuss the situation with the colleague and determine why they were so steadfast.  If the reason was acceptable, I would try to negotiate some offset from them in the future, such as the right to first choice on a key vacation time or to alternate choices.  If the colleague's reason was poor or selfish, I would escalate.
I would say that I'm not willing to change my plans either and that for all fairness we would have to flip a coin or ask our supervisor if there's a way they can decide for us. I also think that if there is a role that is busier during that point in the year, that person should be the one to stay. Ultimately I would heed the feedback of my supervisor and what they decide.
I would probably defer to my co-worker.  My vacations are usually somewhat flexible so it wouldn't be a big deal.  I would also look like a good teammate.
I would try to find out what they had planned. If my vacation was flexible I would change it. If it was something I could not change I would go on the vacation.
I would make the argument to my supervisor about why my vacation can't be changed, if applicable. I would then ask the supervisor to handle the situation and choose who gets to take vacation. It's the role of the supervisor to make this decision, not of the two employees to work it out.
I would ask my colleague again if there was any way that he or she would consider taking his or her vacation the week before or the week after the week in question. If they aren't able to reschedule their plans I would look at my own plans to see if there was any room for rescheduling so I could take my vacation a week before or a week after. If that is possible I would go ahead and rearrange my plans to accommodate my coworker's vacation time. If it is not possible then I would accept the fact that I would not be able to take my vacation that week since it is very understandable that we would not be able to take the same week off.
I would change mine. I would be pissed though. I would be cold to them after that.
I would take vacation at a different time. The reason being my family is flexible and would accommodate. My colleague will appreciate my gesture. And my boss will treat this favorably.
I would not change my vacation plans unless it were beneficial to me. If I were able to get something covered, then sure. The other coworker would have to make it worth it.
Most likely I would forfeit that vacation time and reschedule for another time.  It might be difficult if plans and reservations were made.  I would try to compromise if at all possible and discuss the matter with my co-worker and office manager.
I would see if I am able to change my vacation plans to demonstrate that I am a team player.  If the plans cannot be changed, I will attempt to talk to my colleague and supervisor and see if we can do anything to change the situation.  Finally, I would question who submitted the request first and who has more seniority.  If my colleague submitted first, then I would feel obligated to allow them to have the week.
I would like to change my vacation plan. Because one person should compromise with other to avoid problem in workplace. So I change my opinion and re-plan the vacation.
I would consider which of us has plans that are the most difficult to change. If my time off was just an arbitrary week, I would not make an issue of it. If for example I had expensive tickets already booked, I would "go to battle" for my week!
I would establish an agreement with my colleague, where the person who most needs to go on vacation on that date will be the one who takes the vacations, if in hypothetical case it is my colleague, I will agree to change my vacation plans.
I would state to my boss that I put in the request first.  I would also say that I have plane reservations.  I can't change them as my tickets are non-refundable. If I didn't have reservations/tickets, then maybe I could change my time off.
I would ask the supervisor who had requested the week off first.  If it was me, then I would stay firm in my request and apologize to my colleague, but explain that my plans are also important to me.  I would be firm even if my plans were somewhat flexible, because I believe it's important to stand up for fair and objective treatment in the workplace, even in small matters.  If my colleague had requested first, then I would change my plans, and also ask my colleague if they would remember this favor in future.  (Never hurts to have people owe you a favor, and of course if my colleague was wise enough to ask me the same in the reverse situation, I would remember it.)
I would tell my coworker to please go by whoever put their request in first. If I put in m y vacation request first I would ask that my supervisor honor my request and tell my coworker that their request is denied. It is unfair to make me change my plans.
I would change my plans if that is possible. At the very least discuss it with my colleague. Usually vacations are pretty flexible.
I would change my vacation days, because I feel like I would be "owed one" in the future. It would also make me look better to the employer that I yielded to another coworker's needs.
I would see which of the two of us had seniority, then ask my supervisor to consider honoring the person with the longest seniority.  In addition, I would try to accommodate the other person if it can't be worked out by seniority.
I would evaluate the option of rescheduling my vacation to ease the stress. Then I would also ask my coworker to do the same. We should discuss the nature of our vacations and how convenient or inconvenient it would be for either of us to reschedule. Ultimately, I would probably be the one to reschedule.
I would not give in either.  If I gave in, my colleague might think that I am weak and run over me in the future.  I would suggest that we either split up the days, or come to some sort of other compromise.
I would try to convince my colleague  first but he can't consider my request I have no choice but to change my plans. that week is no difference for the next week. At work conflict is always in there so someone needs to bend down or else this will no go anywhere.
I would take a different week. I can enjoy my vacation on another week just as much as the week I had originally planned. I don't really enjoy conflict.
I would reconsider my vacation , only in case I am staying in my home town. But in case I bought tickets to travel or have reservation and planned with other family members. I will not cancel my vacation for this time.
I would most likely change my vacation plans if another week would still work out for my family. If however, I needed to have this week off for my vacation then I would speak to my supervisor about the importance of having this vacation approved.
I would try and change my vacation plans, especially if my colleague wasn't going to change their mind. If I could change my vacation plans around, I would. More than likely I would be able to, so I would just take my vacation another week. It wouldn't matter to me very much.
I would change my vacation plans to accommodate my supervisor and colleague.  I would than engage both of them to establish a policy to resolve such conflicts in the future.  For example, I might suggest that a person who most recently took vacation might have a lower priority ranking than someone who has not recently taken leave.
In this case, it would depend on two things,  First, which one of us asked for the time off first.  The second thing would be can I change the reservations and or travel arrangements for my vacation.  If I was the first to ask for the time off, I would request that I get the time off unless my plans can easily be changed.  If the colleague was the one who asked first, then I am out of luck and have to change my plans regardless of the loss to me.  (This very thing happened to my daughter n law las year and she had to rearrange her honeymoon even though she had asked for the time off first!)
I would change my vacation plan unless there was an urgent reason not to.  An urgent reason might be planned surgery for an immediate family member or an out-of-town wedding.  If it were one of these situations, I would discuss it with my colleague and my boss and try to work out a compromise.
If I do not have any reservations made, I would concede. I would pick another week to keep the peace with my coworker. If I had already made some plans, I would suggest that we each take a portion of the week (Mon-Thur, Fri-Sun) and then each take the necessary number of days before the week and after (Fri-Sun week prior, Mon-Thur week after). That way we could each get at least some of the days we want, and the charges to change my reservations would be kept to a minimum.
I would probably first try to negotiate with him. Depending on how important my vacation is, I would offer him an incentive. If it weren't as important, I would just end up working rather than cause a problem with my colleague.
I would change my vacation. I would also make sure that my supervisor is aware that I will volunteer to change my plans. I would also make sure that my supervisor was aware that my colleague refused to.
First i will request him to change his plans and if he doesn't change it then i will change my plans. I will make sure to let my supervisor know that this time i changed it but next time if that happens my colleague has to change it
It would depend on if mine were set in stone (i.e. I was going to lose money on a deposit or not be able to go a different week). If that was the case, I would ask the supervisor who had asked for time off first and suggest that that person get to keep their week. If mine was more flexible, then I would just change to a different week, but let the colleague know that it was a one-time thing.
First I would hope that whatever I have planned could be changed.  I think it also should depend on who has been there the longest.  If it were myself I would insist on my original plan but if the other colleague was there the longest I would have to change my plans.  Wouldn't be thrilled but what else could I do.
I would be willing to compromise with my colleague, and change my vacation week. I believe I have the ability and can be flexible when I host my vacation, and given the situation my colleague may not have the same luxuries or flexibility. I would compromise with my colleague, as it resolves the situation quickly and without aggression or further tension.
I would obviously have to change my plans. I would not complain and give my Co worker that date they wanted. I would do that in hopes of my boss noticing and possibly give me the option of making sure I got the week I wanted next year, with no problems.
I would ask my supervisor who asked for the week off first. I think whoever asked first should get the week off. If it was me, I would insist on getting the week off, and if it was my colleague, I would pick another week.
I would first talk to my family and find out if our plans can be changed.   If my family had no issues in delaying our vacation for a week or two, then I would accept working the week my collegue wants to go.  If my family cannot go in a later week or two, then I would ask some type of payment or value to compensate for me for my lost amount of vacation.
I would simply change my vacation week. I think it would be too much unnecessary hassle to argue or negotiate about it. This is especially important because she already had vacation plans; I’m usually pretty flexible.
I would talk to my supervisor. If I had scheduled my vacation first then I would expect him to make my colleague switch their vacation. If I had scheduled second then I would change without being told.
I would try and talk to them about seeing what can be done. Then I would ask them where they are going and would want to know when they are going so that we can try to work something out. If they can't work something out, then I would just take vacation the next week.
I think I could give up my vacation so as not to cause trouble at work. Sometimes it's good to sacrifice our own interest for the benefit of the general interest. With a little effort, I will try to re-plan my vacation.
I would talk with my supervisor and explain that I had requested the vacation first. I would ask if it was possible for the other colleague change their vacation for the next week so I could keep my vacation the same.
If my scheduled vacation can be altered with not much inconvenience to the people involved, I can always just give in.  It will be easy if my family/friends are not involved. I always adjust as much as possible.
I would probably change my vacation plans to a week that would work for everyone.  I would not want to put my supervisor in the lurch, and it seems as if my colleague had unchangeable plans.  Therefore, it seems easiest to change my plans.
I would see who asked for the vacation first. If it was him I would take a vacation another time. If it was me I would suggest it should be to take the vacation first since I asked first it is only fair. If we cannot come to an agreement I would be open to some sort of contest and the winner gets the first vacation.
I would change my vacation dates if at all possible to accommodate my colleague. This makes me appear to be a team player which is a good thing to be at work. It also makes me appear to be more flexible and helpful and all of those other traits that are looked upon favorably. Unless my vacation plans were made far in advance and involve non-refundable tickets that would cause me to incur a large expense or miss an important occasion. If that is the case, I would make the boss earn his paycheck and hope for the best.
I would be flexible.  I would state my case strongly only if I had nonrefundable plans.  I would try to accommodate this one time.
I would determine what process the company used for approving vacation requests (seniority, date of request, etc.) If I was the senior person and/or put in for it first my supervisor would need to follow the procedure for approving it and deal with my coworker accordingly.
I would talk with my colleague and discuss with them about their plans. If mine were able to be changed, I would allow them to take that week. However, if my plans involved cancellation fees or something of the like I would try to convince my colleague to compromise.
I would offer to change my plans if possible to accommodate my job. I am usually pretty flexible with my vacation plans, and would not mind taking another week. However, if I had plans that could not be changed, such as hotel reservations that could not be changed or tickets to an attraction, I would speak with my colleague and explain the situation to see if he/she would be willing to change weeks. If they still refused to change their plans, I would ask my boss to decide which of us would have to change our dates.
I would change the week I plan to take for vacation. I would guess that they're unwilling to change because they've already made reservations or have some other reason that it needs to be that week. If I've only just requested the vacation then I haven't made reservations yet. I would ask the coworker if they would return the favor in the future if the same situation came up and I were unable to make a change.
We have to figure out a way to choose who was going to get that time frame. I think the most Fair Way would be to go with who submitted the time off request first.
I would see how much it would cost me.  That is,  personally or financially.  If the cost is high, I would escalate the problem to my boss.
I would change my plans as needed and cancel my vacation request. I was in the Air Force, so I am used to putting the needs of my employer above my own needs when at all possible. I would not want to create an unfriendly relationship with my coworker and it would make me look like a team player.
First, I would talk to my partner. I would tell him to explain each one why we are asking for vacations. If I think his reasons are better than mine, I will change, otherwise, I will not.
I would see if there is a way for us both to go. I probably already paid for a vacation so it can't be changed. The company will just have to work with us.
I would check with my family and see if we could move our vacation to a different time with reasonable effort. Then if so, then I would work with the supervisor to find another appropriate time for me to take leave. At worst, I think we may have to cancel a few reservations if we'd already made them, and be able to adjust our schedule.
I would go ahead and rearrange my schedule and take the week off that my colleague refused. Who knows it might be show my boss that I am willing to rearrange my life for the job.
I would base my decision on the plans I had made.  If it were possible to change my own plans I would.  It would forever color my perception of my colleague.  If I could not change my plans I would explain my dilemma to my boss and he he could persuade my colleague to change his plans.  If it were important enough to me, I might tell my boss I'd have to leave his company.  Off-time is very important to me.
I would change my plans, as I have the run into this scenerio just recently.  I was told that a pregnant employee  was due to deliver, and I was, and have always been very flexible in my requests for vacation time.  I don't have a rigid life that way.
I would involve the supervisor. Most companies determine vacation time by which employee requested the time off first and/or by seniority. If my "colleague" refuses to negiotiate then a  supervisor must be involved.
It would depend on why we each needed that time and how flexible our plans really were. It would also depend on our seniority and past performance. If all things were equal, or if my plans were less flexible I would want some sort of arbitration from HR so as not to put the supervisor in a difficult position.
I would also decide to not change my vacation plans. I would leave the decision up to our manager. I feel that it should be their job to decide who gets the vacation and who has to reschedule.
I would tell the supervisor that the person that asks for the week off first should get it. I feel that it is the only way to be fair. I should not have to give up my chance just because they do not want to.
I would change my vacation week. I think it would show my employer that I am easy going, and that I try to do what is best for the company. I think my employer would remember that when the next promotion or evaluation came up.
I would have little choice but to change my plans in this case and would have to accept the decision of the supervisor in this case.
I would see if I'm not locked down to a date, I would take this challenging time to analyze and see why I am receiving restriction in trying to leave on vacation, maybe it would be best to go a different day anyway, call me superstitious, but Maybe a different day would mean a different outcome for this vacation. I try to pay attention to the signs of life, although it doesn't always work.
I would first see if my vacation is flexible and change my dates if I can. I would then discuss with my supervisor changing policy for how vacation time is requested, so it is more fair next time. I would suggest it be done by seniority and/or first come first serve.
I would choose another week evidently. That would seem to be the only solution. I would hope that should that occur in the future, my colleague would be the one willing to change plans.
I would see what their reasoning is for the time off.  If it is more important than mine then I would switch.  If the person was just staying home then I would fight to keep my time off.
I would start by looking at who requested the time first.  If I had my request in before my colleague, I would not give in and I would keep my vacation time.  If she put her request in before I did, I would change my vacation dates.  If we did it at the same time, I would ask my manager to make the decision.
if i didn't have anything planned, i would change my vacation. I try to lead by example at work. if i do this for a colleague today, hopefully they will do the same for another colleague tomorrow
I would go ahead and change my vacation plans as I am much more flexible. It would not even be a second thought to me. I would go ahead and make arrangements to change my vacation plans no problem. Work is what allows me to have vacation so as a loyal employee I would not have a problem changing my vacation dates.
I would likely be willing to change mine. I'm typically flexible in terms of my vacation plans. It was also give me a chance to demonstrate to my supervisor I'm a team player.
i would be ok to change my plans. i would want to make sure that i did not have any important plans for my vacation. i would  want my coworker to know that i am making a sacrifice for him. i would want to make sure that my boss knows that i am willing to comprimise for the company.
I would change my date as long as I didn't already have a vacation planned. If I switched my days, I would expect my coworker to cover me for my future vacation.
I would probably just relent and take a different week, so I didn't have to rock the boat and disrupt the office harmony. That is, unless I had set plans that would be difficult for me to alter (for instance, if I was planning my vacation around my travel mates' schedule.) If that were the case, I would try to kindly explain my issue with my colleague and ask if there was a way we could compromise by allowing me to do a favor for him/her in return. If she/she doesn't budge on the issue, I would discuss the issue with my boss and let he/she decide.
I would let them have the days assuming that they buy me lunch for that day. If they did this then my plans can still be changed no problem. If they don't buy me lunch well then we will have to play rock paper scissors.
I would try and see if I can reschedule my vacation without incurring any penalties. I do not like conflict and if I can make adjustments without having to deal with conflict I would. I feel that may work best for everyone involved.
BEING A FAIR PERSON I WOULD ASK FOR ANOTHER TIME SLOT FOR MY VACATION.This will help the company and perhaps I will get a bonus or raise for my willingness to be flexible.
I would think about what I have planned for that week and ask what their vacation plans are. I would then determine who requested vacation first. If I had plans that it would cost me $ to change I would speak to my supervisor about this. If I didn't have any real plans I would cancel my vacation request. If I don't get a fair resolution I will go to HR
If this is the first time this situation has come up with this same colleague, I would agree to take a different week off. If this is a recurring pattern, I would try to plan better so that we don't request vacation for the same week
Well depending on my vacation plans I would more than likely change my vacation to another week.  If I had something planned for my vacation I would try to persuade my colleague to change their dates.  If I put my vacation request in first I would want to take my vacation first.
I would ask the supervisor who put in the request first. I would then tell the supervisor whoever put the request in first should get to take the vacation. I would then be the one who got to take my vacation because I know I would of put in for the request at least 2 months in adavance. While on vacation I would take annoyingly bragging photos to send to my colleague each day.
I would be very angry with my colleague. I would probably go talk to HR about this situation and try to find a resolution. I would explain how this is extremely unfair to me and why my colleague got special treatment.
I would have to change my vacation. I would tell my supervisor and colleague that I will do it this time, but next time my colleague needs to let me select my vacation first.
I would be annoyed and want to keep my vacation. I would ask my boss who put the request in first. If it was my colleague, I'd change my plans. If it was me, I'd ask my boss to treat this as a first come first serve scenario.
I would be the bigger person and change my vacation time. Something like that is not worth fighting over or making a big scene about. Unless money was spent on a big vacation, I would ask my  supervisor who requested off first.
I would find out who asked first for vacation time. After which, if the other had been precipitous then it would be only right that they would go at their time. If, i had been the one who'd asked first then I would require the supervisor to instate a change.
If I was able to change my plans then I would.  Unless it was a family emergency or if tickets were already bought, I would try very hard to accomodate my co-worker.  If for any reason that I could not change my plans, I would inform my supervisor that I was unable to change my plans.  There may be a financial burden.  After this fiasco, I would ensure that my work partner and I better coordinate our vacation times.
I would have my supervisor handle it.  That is why they are the supervisor, to deal with stuff like that.  I should not be required to change my plans just because my colleague is stubborn.  Vacation can be decided based on any number of factors including seniority, previous amounts of vacation taken that year, as a reward for hard work, etc. My responsibility is to my supervisor and company, not to my colleague.
I would ask for a meeting with the 3 of us in attendance to discuss the vacation conflict.  I would point out that I had requested my vacation time well in advance and it has been on the calendar for about a month while my colleague requested the same vacation week only a week ago without checking the vacation calendar or just disregarding it.  If push came to shove and I could, I would pull rank and seniority.
