I would politely try to discuss why I need off that week with my colleague and see if we can work out some sort of deal. If they would be willing to let me have off, I would offer to buy them a gift card or lunch. If they wouldn't be willing to let me have off I would report to my manager.
I would consider if I was able to change my plans. If my plans were booked and unable to be changed then I would approach my colleague. If they also had plans made like this, then we would have to speak with the supervisor. It would not be fair for me to waste money if they did have a refundable.
I would have a conversation with my colleague and ask why they were inflexible on their plans. If my plans did not involve airline tickets and hotel stays already paid for, I could be flexible.
I would ask to see who had greater seniority.Then id negotoate on possibly on another window of time where we could do this.I lastly ask about paid vacation.
If my vacation is not an emergency and I have not purchased a flight or airline tickets, I would talk to my colleague to see if they have done so. Most likely I would let my colleague have the week off. I would be sure to schedule my next vacation way ahead of time.
I usually don't book vacations until I know I can take time off so I would change my week.  It also would make me feel better that I didn't have to make someone change their plans.  Plus, we should always keep the boss happy.
I would first speak to my colleague and find out why he/she isn't willing to change their plans. Then if they tell me their plans are set and I can't do anything to change their minds, I would adjust my plans and take my vacation another week because one, I don't want to leave my company short staffed and two, me willing to change my plans would make me look good to the supervisor (leaders have a way of remembering such small sacrifices when it comes to promotions, evaluation reports and raises)
I would first talk to the other employee and find out what their plans are and compare those plans to mine. I would evaluate each of our plans and see which is more realistic to change. If my plans are more easily changed I would make the change, but if not I would speak with the supervisor and ask them to intervene.
I would change my vacation plans. It would make me look better to my supervisor because I am able to be flexible. It will also make my colleague indebted to me in the future.
I would first try and reason with the colleage agian and let them know that it is really important to me to take my vacation as apposed to them. If they still dont budge I would talk to the manger and let them know why taking my vacation is more important then my colleague hoping that they would side with me. I would do this because if I can get the  manager on my side then I could possibly keep my vacation plans.
If I could change my dates without too much trouble, I would do so. It would show I am flexible.
It depends on if I have already purchased tickets. If not, then I would change my vacation dates. If I had already purchased them, I would explain that and explain that I value time with my family, especially since my kids are in school and I do not like to take them out of school for vacation. If no resolution can be come by, I would threaten to quit.
I would probably just change my plans to another week as this doesn't seem to be a winning battle.  If my colleague is truly that intransigent then arguing would only make me look petty.  I would just buckle down and make sure to show my skill set in their absence.
I would be forced to change my vacation days even though I would not be happy about it. Next year I would.put I'm for it earlier. And I probably wouldn't talk to that colleague for awhile
I would verify that my vacation plans and dates were able to be switched to another date. If they could be changed, I would discuss with my spouse the need to make the changes and I would volunteer to take a different vacation time. My reason for doing this would be that I would want to see everyone happy, regardless of the minor setback. In the end, I would be hopeful that my colleague would remember this favor in the future should we have the problem in the future.
I would likely change my vacation plans. I would do this because it would make me look good in the eyes of my boss. It would also give me some sway over the other coworker so it is a win win for me.
I would determine if I could change my travel arrangements for a different week. If so, I would concede and change my plans. If I couldn't change my plans, and my colleague wouldn't change their plans, I would leave the final decision up to our supervisor.
Firstly, I would ask my colleague to try changing his vacation week. If the colleague agreed then I would be happy and tell him/her that I would help the next time he/she needs something. If not agreed then I would postpone my vacation and tell my colleague that I am postponing my vacation for him/her and he/she owes me.
I would also fight to go on my vacation and see what the supervisor did. I dont feel as though I should have to change my dates just because my colleague doesn't want to give up their dates. Most of the time I plan around my boyfriends availability so I wouldn't want to change my dates either.
I would let my colleague take the week vacation.  I feel that it would bring good karma to me and maybe he had more things planned than myself.  I think it is always a good idea to do good things for others.  I would hope he would repay the favor if it would to come of that.
I would change my vacation plans for this time period and put my vacation request earlier for my next desired vacation so that I would get it.  I would also tell my colleague that I would let him know what my next week would be so we could plan different weeks.  I would do this because I think it would be fair.
I would try to coordinate, collaborate and compromise with my colleague.  If there plans are fixed and unable to change, I would speak to my boss about either changing my dates or perhaps getting someone from another location or office to cover my work.
I think our boss should weigh in on this decision. It might also be a good idea to just flip a coin. Or maybe total up each of our hours worked and whoever put in more hours gets to take the vacation time they want.
I would find out another schedule and time for my vacation. If my boss was willing to accommodate the new vacation plans I would be very thankful. It would not bother me that my co-worker was able to take a vacation before my either.
I would talk to my colleague and see if they were willing to change the vacation date because I really need to have this week off. If the colleague was not willing to change it I would go talk to my boss. I would explain to my boss that I would still like to have the week off I requested but if it is not possible than I will take the week after. I would do this like this because I think it would make it easier and I would not want to start a workplace conflict over a vacation week
It would depend on who put in the request for time off first. First come, first serve. It would also depend on WHY my colleague is not willing to change their vacation plans. If it was for something like a birthday, anniversary, wedding, or funeral that can't be changed, I'd just request the week before or the week after. If my colleague was being stubborn, and I had put in the request first, I'd put in my two weeks' notice and start farming out my resume.
I would try to have a polite discussion with my colleague and discern the reason why s/he is unwilling to move their vacation to a different week. If they have a valid reason or seem extremely unwilling, then I would be happy to adjust and move to a different week myself. I would try to see the bigger picture.
I would concede the vacation to the other employee. I can't imagine anything I would have wanted to do that couldn't wait. I would expect to be relieved for my vacation time as soon as the other employee returned from his vacation.
I would evaluate whether or not my vacation plans were negotiable. If they were, I would have to change them. If the plans were non-negotiable, I would make my supervisor aware of the situation first. If my supervisor was unable to provide any assistance, I would likely try to negotiate with my fellow worker. In the event that my fellow worker was not able to be compelled to change their mind, I would leave the situation to the supervisor to decide which one of us would get the time off.
We will have to see who was the last to take a vacation. Whoever was last, will be the one that has to wait until the other gets back. Thats how it would be fair.
I would change my vacation plans. It wouldn't really make a difference if I changed them. This college is my friend!
I would probably look into taking a different week for my vacation. I would do this because my job is important to me. I would not want to cause a big hassle. My vacation plans could be changed easier then finding a new job.
I would discuss and ensure that his reason was valid as in he had something booked or arranged then if it was possible I would change my vacation time. If not I would escalate it up to my manager.
I would talk to my colleague first to see if I could reason with them. If that still didn't work, I would eventually take my vacation after them. I would do this because I wouldn't want to cause any conflict and I want to show people at my job that I was the mature one.
I would ask the manager who has more seniority. I would explain that, if I have the seniority, I should get the vacation time. If I don't then, I would change my dates. That seems the fair thing to do
I would concede to my colleague in the interest of team spirit and collegiality at work. At the same time, I would also propose that we take a look at the following year's calendar and make some tentative plans for the following year's vacation schedules. My hope would be that my teammate would take the hint and allow me first dibs on vacation dates for the year after this one. If needed, I would make such a suggestion directly to my colleague.
I would let my other colleague stay with their original vacation plans.  I wouldn't want to cause any future friction between myself and my colleague.  So I would schedule my vacation for another time because I am a nice person and wouldn't want to deal with the drama.  Work life is stressful enough and I don't need to add any more stress than necessary.
I WOULD EXPLAIN TO MY CO-WORKER HOW IMPORTANT THAT IT IS TO HAVE MY VACATION THAT WEEK. I WOULD ALSO TRY TO OFFER A FAVOR TO MY CO-WORKER TO PERSUADE THEM TO CHANGE THEIR MIND. IF MY CO-WORKER STILL DOESN'T WANT TO COMPROMISE I WOULD SUGGEST THAT IT IS RANDOMLY PICKED TO AVOID BIAS.
I would then just allow my coworker to go ahead and take the vacation. Reason for that is since it is a vacation, not emergency, I am fine with delaying my vacation just so that everyone is happy. On top of that the situation never mention rather if my traveling itinerary was already created or not. Base on the information I assume I have not made traveling arrangement and the like, so with that in mind I will not create any conflicts between me and the workplace. Further more, my coworker owe me one. Perhaps in the future when I need assistant, this can be use to barter.
I would see if I could reschedule my vacation plans. I would also ask my coworker if their plans were able to be rescheduled. I would request off a different week if completely necessary to help the business out.
I would ask them if they had planned a vacation to go somewhere. I would ask them to discuss who is going on a non refundable vacation. If they are going on a trip somewhere besides a stay cation I would be willing to choose a another week.
First, I would try and schedule a meeting with my boss and coworker to discuss the situation further. I want to understand why he can only do his vacation at that time. After talking, and if he is not able, I would probably ask for my time directly before of after his. This way we both can have our vacation and coverage at work. I am willing to be flexible in this situation.
I would first speak with my husband and try to figure out if there's any way we can change our vacation plans. If not, I would request a meeting with both my colleague and our supervisor to try to talk this all out. I would make sure that if I end up being the one to switch plans, I would get first choice of vacation time the next time around.
I would see if they could make some accommodations with me somehow.  This might include asking for preference on the next vacation time.  It would be a pleasant and non-confrontational convesration.
I would change my plan simply to show the supervisor I am reasonable as well as garner more accolades. I will also use this later on when I need to take a day and this happens again. I can also use this to my advantage with the colleague as well saying i decided to switch my day off so you could have your vacation still go through with no issue.  This is not ideal but it certainly allows me to show that I am not only a team player but a company person caring more about the companies needs than my own even if that is not the case.  Besides while that person is away its a perfect opportunity to work harder to make me even more valuable.
well i would be upset. this year we are not going to FL and my husband only has 2 days off. So since we will just be staying around home and not leaving it wont be a huge deal to do it adifferent week. i will let her have the week she wants
I would see if we would be able to compromise somehow. If I was just taking a vacation that wasn't booked already, I would change my time and take it at another time. If I was taking it and I had things booked, I wouldn't want to change for obvious reasons. I would try to ask the boss if I could find someone to take my place or do my work in extra time before I left to compensate for the missing time. Or I could do some work remotely while I am on vacation for a few hours to help.
I would first see who put in for vacation first. if I put in for it first I will just simply let them know that I have already made arrangements and paid for my vacation. I would suggest that my colleague rethink his time.
I would be willing to change my plans and use my vacation at a different time if I didn't have any specific plans for vacation such as taking a trip.  If that is not possible I would suggest going by whomever has more seniority and been there the longest should get first dibs.  That is the only fair way to decide.
I would sit down with this fellow employee and ask him/her why they cannot change their plans.  I would also explain why it's so important for me to be able to take my vacation.  Lastly, I would speak with my wife about potentially changing our vacation plans.
I would confer with my colleague on the plans we both made in regards to our perspective vacations. I would like to see if plans were set in stone on either side (i.e. airfare,  hotel room, or any travel related costs). If he/she is already committed financially and I have some flexibility.  Then I would have no problem altering my dates for vacation for another time. If my dates are financially committed as well, then I would as our supervisor to make the decision, probably based on seniority on who goes on what days,
I would let them have that vacation date. I feel like if I do something for that colleague right now maybe in the future they will return the favor. I think that in doing this kind deed, good karma will come back to me. I believe that it is good to be flexible in life sometimes.
I would ask the colleague if they were doing anything important for their vacation. If they did not have major plans I would ask them if they wouldn't mind changing their week and I would promise that the following vacation pick I would do the same for them. If they were doing something important and I was not I would just concede the vacation to them.
I would let my colleague go on vacation that week. If he goes on vacation, others will see that I am a selfless person and am willing to sacrifice my interests for the company. My supervisor will take note of this and he or she will see me in a more positive light.
I would speak to my colleague and let them know that since they are unwilling to change their vacation plans this time, that next time I should get priority scheduling and that they would need to be more flexible. I would also alter my vacation plans this time so as not to overload my other colleagues. I would then inform my boss about what my coworker and I were planning for the next time vacation planning comes up.
I would try to speak to my colleague again. I would try to see if we could reach a compromise about the vacation time. Perhaps, I would suggest that we split the week, so one person could take half of the week and the other, the other half. If this did not work I would speak to my manager to see the next best option.
As long as it did not affect my family, I would just let them have that week.  If it did affect my family, I would talk to them about it.  I would see how changing would effect them and me, and who is affected more.
I would ask my colleague if their plans are flexible. If not, then I would try to arrange my own plans to help both of us out. I would try to compromise.
I would change my plans, as long as I don't have anything non-refundable.  It's easier to be the person to cooperate than to refuse and be difficult. I'd rather my boss feel like they can rely on me for being easy going as opposed to a challenge.
I would definitely be suspect as to why they didn’t want to share their plans. I would share the plans and if they were not important would switch the days. I would expect my coworker to do me a favor in the future.
If I was told this far enough in advance, then I would change my vacation, but if I had already made vacation plans that could not be changed, then I would not change my vacation. I would explain to my supervisor that hotels and shows had already been booked and paid for and I could not change the dates.
It would depend on if I had made reservations and flight arrangements for a vacation that I couldn't cancel.  If I was just spending the time at home, I would change my week to accomodate.
I would suggest that the matter should be settled based on who first requested the time off. In the event that the requests were both made at the same time, the individual with the most seniority should be allowed to take the time off. If these solutions cannot work the supervisor should make the decision.
I would change my plans as long as I did not buy plane tickets already. I am always willing to help someone else out. My vacations are flexible I can work around someone else.
I would feel very disappointed and let my supervisor know. I would ask him to be fair and let the person who requested time off first to be allowed to go. If I would have to give up my vacation week, I would ask for extra pay for that week.
I would talk with my supervisor and ask if they approve of this.  If I had nothing specific planned, I would be willing to change my vacation date.  I would remind my supervisor that I would hope this would not happen again.
I would change my vacation plans. I do understand the dilemma for my company, and would find no problem re-scheduling my vacation time. I would wish my college a very happy vacation, and would be thankful that my vacation would be coming up when they got back.
I would ask if there was a way we could discuss it.  I would talk to a supervisor and see if they could intervene.  If nothing could be done, I would see if I could switch up my vacation plans.
I would change my vacation plans because I would not want to cause a dispute over vacation. I am usually pretty flexible, and this would be an easy way to maybe gain some priority in vacation time if it comes up again. I just think there are more important things to argue about.
I would ask, once again, if the coworker would be willing to change their plans. If it wasn't possible, and they coworker seemed like it was important to them, I would talk about changing my date for vacation. I would make sure to let my coworker know that I was changing my plans, and that they should know that I was the one who forfeited my original plans, to show flexibility at work.
I would still request the same vacation days and I would let my supervisor no that I need those days to coordinate with my wife's vacation days and my kids. If I cannot get those days then it really doesn't matter because any other days means I am vacationing by myself
I would try to change my dates.  If I could not change my dates, I would go to my coworker again and ask if they could change.  If the coworker will not change the dates, I would go to my supervisor and ask again.
I would be willing to sit and talk with him about this. I think it might be fair if the person who requested the time off first was given the time off. I think the supervisor could just make sure that he picks the person to have the time off. If my colleague doesn’t like that, then they can go somewhere else.
I would work around my colleague's vacation plans.  I would reschedule my vacation with the agreement that next time they would have to work around my plans.  I think that would be fair and I don't see my colleague having an issue with that.
I would ask my supervisor who requested the vacation time first and then ask my supervisor to give the vacation days to the person who requested it first. i would respond this way because my colleague does not want to change their plans and I do not think I should have to change my plans either if I had asked first.
I would change my requested vacation days. This would show that I am willing to be a compromising colleague. Hopefully, my actions will show the correct way to work with other colleagues.
I would try my best to see if we could come to an agreement about who was switching their vacation. I wouldn't want to switch mine once it was already planned. If I was forced to switch I would want my boss to make sure there was as one type of plan created to deal with it a different way in the future. Example vacation based on seniority.
I would change my date so they could go on vacation and I would hope they could do it for me in the future.
I would talk with my coworker and say that I also had plans and that we need to find a fair way to negotiate the conflict. We could draw names out of a hat. Or, we could also discuss his plans are the hardest to change.
I would go ahead and change my plans.  But at the same time I would make sure the boss knew it was me who was flexible and not my coworker.  Maybe it will make a difference when it comes time for downsizing or a promotion.
I would just accept the fact that I needed to take off a separate time. I would realize that there would be no point in causing undue problems. I would just try to make sure that I could actually get off the next time that I requested off.
I would be the one to go ahead and change my vacation plans. I would make arrangements to postpone until a later date because my supervisor has made it clear that it would have a negative effect if we are both gone. My changing my vacation plans would demonstrate that I am flexible and that I put the needs of others ahead of my own.
I would change my plans this time. I would tell the coworker they can have the time off, but next year I plan to take this time. We can take turns.
I would be the one that would wait a week. The reason being is I would look better and more of a team player if I just bow down for a week. It's not a big deal and it makes me look good.
I would talk to my coworker and see how can we move or vacation time.   Why because that way my coworker or I don’t loose any reservation the we maybe made or not
I would ask for the reasons why my colleague doesn't want to change his or her vacation plans. I would then weigh those reasons against my own reasons. After careful deliberation, I would decide if I can let go and allow the colleague to go for the vacation or not. If I believe that the colleague was being inconsiderate, I would make my supervisor aware of it. I wouldn't want to make a colleague miss his vacation if it was very essential that that colleague goes for it. Sometimes, it pays to be considerate.
I would approach my colleague and ask them when they had requested the week off. If I had requested it first I would ask them to reconsider changing their plans. If not I would have to take the  situation to the next level at HR if I had requested the week off first. If they requested it first I would do my best to change my plans.
I would say that who ever has been here longer should be able to get the week off. And if we cant come to an agreement either of us shoild take the week off
I would try to reason with them. First i would see why they would not budge on the week in question. I would see if i could get something out of it, like they would do the sat shift when i was scheduled if i switched my plans, etc..
I would most likely take the high road and accept a different week. Unless I had already made reservations that were not refundable it wouldn't matter to me if I took another week. I understand my supervisor's concerns and agree that it would be best if only one of us were out at a time. I believe that my cooperation would make me a better candidate for advancement in my career path at a future date. My supervisor may think of me as a team player, which I am, and a dedicated employee.
I would first attempt to move my vacation time if possible. Next I would speak with my boss about what could be done to allow both of us to work remotely for some of the week, which maybe allow us to take the vacation time but not fall behind. Finally, I would ask the other employee what it would take (money) to induce them to switch weeks.
I would change my plans. One I would want to keep the peace, and two he will owe me a favor. Besides some people, there is no arguing with as they won't give an inch.
I would first see if I could make different arrangements. If I had the same time requested off and my plans were already booked and there's weren't then I would press the issue further. If my plans weren't then I could move to the week after or something similar.
I would just change my vacation plans! I find that in these type of scenarios, it is best to come out and look as good as possible. I would take advantage by being the more mature one.
If it's really an emergency , prior planned or a must taken leave i would  convince my colleague by explaining the real cause . Otherwise i would take different week of vacation and help my colleague to to take his vacation leave.
I would talk to my colleague once more just to see if he would budge. If he doesn't i would tell my supervisor i would postpone my trip. I would do this because i think that it would make me look better in front of my supervisor.
I would schedule my vacation for a different week. By doing that I would agree to my colleague getting their desired week off. However, in the future I will expect to get my desired week off.
i would change my vacation date. its not worth getting into an arguement over that. i dont mind being the person who bends. i think a flexible person is more valuable.  i would also tell my coworker to enjoy their vacation!
I would change my vacation this time. I would explain to my boss and coworker that if this happens again I will not change my vacation. In the future I would make sure to put in for vacation as far in advance as possible so that this situation could be avoided. I would do this because I like to avoid conflict and don't want to create tension at work. However, I also want to make sure I don't get walked all over in the future.
First, I would talk to my coworker. Maybe we can work something out. Depending on if I can change my vacation plans, I may be willing to give money to my coworker to change his vacation. If my coworker is unwilling and I cannot change easily, I would suggest flipping a coin to determine who gets the week off.
I would speak to my colleague about it and find out why they are unwilling to change their vacation plans and explain my side. It would also depend what my plans were and if I would be affecting others going on the trip, if it was refundable/changeable, etc. If it came down to it and my colleague was unwilling to change his/her plans and I was unable to, I would explain my position to my boss. They likely could not afford to fire us both, and there are always other jobs out there.
I would tell my colleague that I've had this vacation planned for quite some time and I haven't taken a vacation in years. I would explain to them that I would cover a shift anytime this year that they wanted but I really can't give up my vacation. I would tell them that this is the only chance I get to be with family since I don't leave near them.
i would think it would base on who requested first and seniority. I would not reschedule mine being in that I had it scheduled first. It would effect my working relations as I would be pissed off at the colleague.
I would go ahead and see if it was possible to change my plans for a different week, because my colleague couldn't.  I would explain that although I don't believe that I should have to change my dates, I am willing to for the greater good of the company.
If I asked for the week first, I would insist that I get that week. Also, if I had more seniority or was at a higher organizational level, I should get dibs on the week. Otherwise, I would let the colleague have it. This would seem to be fair.
I would just switch my vacation plans. I do not want to cause any friction at work. I also feel by me allowing the colleague to go ahead and go, It would look better on me. It does show that I am willing to compromise.
I would accept that my colleague is unwilling to compromise and let my supervisor know that I will be willing to push my vacation back. I think by doing this it would show my supervisor that I am willing to be a teamplayer and would show me in a better light than my colleague. Also I don't mind very much having to switch up plans, many times catering to someone else means they are more willing to do you favors in the future.
I would try to work to change my vacation if possible.  If not, I would ask my boss if we could use tenure as a way to break the tie on the vacation week.  Worst case I would have to work and look good knowing I was the bigger man.
I would just let them take their vacation. I can always take mine on a different week. If their plans are that fixed and they are not willing to change, then it isn't worth it for me to fight over who takes vacation when. I'm a fairly flexible person as it is.
If I had not planned my vacation yet, it would be easy for me to take another week off instead. If I had non-refundable deposits I would be upset and see if the boss would work with me. If my vacation was approved ahead of time then this would be a situation for management to handle, not leave it up to two co-workers.
It would depend on if I already booked my vacation or not. If I already had something booked, i would let my boss know that i have plans that can't be changed. Otherwise, i think it would be easy to plan a vacation a different week instead. I don't want to appear too inflexible.
I would inquire as to who requested the vacation first. It seems that it would be fair to give the vacation week to the person who asked first. I would agree to give up the week if my coworker requested it first.
I would attempt to get my colleague to change their plans.  I probably have been planning this trip and would be devastated to lose out on my vacation plans.  I would then try to negotiate with my colleague if they are still unwilling to cooperate.
Since we cannot both agree . I woould atrrange for another week. That would be at inconvenience to me but it is for a longer strategy as fopr as my work goes tofro my furture benefit. i would look grea tin eyes of mangement
I would check when this colleague took his last two vacations. If that was at the same time or so as mine or I rescheduled my vacation in the past because of this, would ask to reschedule it and pick up another time. If he insists taking vacation anyway, I would escalate conflict and ask to intervene my manager to resolve this issue. Also I explain why  to both of them why I do in this way.
I would first ask my supervisor to ask co-workers who would be willing to cover the shifts with possible overtime or shift change. Another option for the supervisor to consider would be to grant the vacation to the person with more seniority.  Last option would be to determine who submitted their vacation first.
I would talk to my managers again about the situation at hand. My colleague and I are both giving adequate notice about our upcoming vacation plans. It is the manager's job to make sure there is adequate coverage. It is not our responsibility to change our plans.
I would request my supervisor look up who requested the time off first. I typically plan vacations well in advance and request time off accordingly. This being said my vacations are usually planned and spent away from home and out of state. I would also not be willing to change my plans and request y supervisor work it out.
I would change my vacation. it would be better for me down the line. I would make friends with the coworker and they would do it for me.
If my vacation didn't involve travel or firm plans, I would probably change my vacation time. Unless we requested the time off at exactly the same moment though, whoever turned in the request first should get that time off.
I would leave the decision up to the supervisor, because I will not change my vacation day just for a colleague. Colleague doesn't constitute my boss and their needs don't trump mine in any way whatsoever. So let the boss break the bad news to one of us, I'm not going to back down.
I would try to determine which of us it would be easier to switch our weeks. Do either the other person or myself have reservations that cannot be changed? If the other person did not, and my plans could be changed, I would speak to my supervisor and possibly change.  I would find out who requested the week off first.  I would find out both sides of the story.  Who all would be effected by these changes? Find out from the supervisor why it is necessary for one person to change.  Where these dates ok's per the supervisor, and she made a mistake?
I would assess my vacation plans and see if they are able to be changed. If not, I would request that the supervisor select who would receive the vacation. If they are unable to, I would suggest that we randomly pick the name of the person who should receive it.
It depends on who requested the vacation during that time first or if travel arrangements have already been made. If I had already requested and arranged for it, I would put my foot down and tell the supervisor I asked for it first so should have priority. If not, I might be willing to accommodate their travel plans and simply schedule mine for a week before or a week after.
I would try to talk to my colleague. Then I would talk to my boss. My last resort would be HR.
I would change my plans if they were changeable.  Regardless, I would talk to my supervisor.  If I agreed to change my p lans, I'd want first dibs next time around.  Or request preference for time around the holidays. If I can't change my plans, then I would discuss that.
I would talk to my supervisor about who requested it first and believe that should be the person who is granted the time.  If requested on the same day (unlikely) then I would request that both of us plead our case to our supervisor and have them make the decision.  Maybe one of us has airlines booked or something else that cannot be changed or a really important event that cannot be missed...this should take priority over just a preference of a certain week.
I would talk to my colleague to see what their vacation plans were. If my colleague had already booked their vacation, then I would accept taking my vacation another time. I would however, also request that the following year I am able to request my vacation first, since I had changed my plans. On the other hand, if I had already booked my own vacation, I would ask my supervisor to look at seniority or who requested the vacation time first, so that the decision about who could go on vacation at what time could be made fairly.
I would let my friend take the vacation as I would request a different week. If my colleague is not willing to change their vacation plans, then I would assume that he/she must've already booked plans and reservations that cannot be cancelled. In addition, I would expect my colleague to do the same for me, to act as a friend.
I would wait to take my vacation until my work partner got back.  I’m always flexible, and wouldn’t mind picking up the slack until my partner got back from work.
I would ask that they honor whichever request was submitted first. It would be fair to both parties. Neither party should feel slighted by this.
I would assess the entire situation. Since I am single and have no kids schedules to deal with I'd assess if my co-worker has kids. I would then talk privately with my co-worker. If after conversing with them I see that they have a better reason for needing to take their vacation at that time than me I would back off. If they didn't have a good reason I'd try to parlay my backing off into getting something from them in the future as a trade off. I'm a wheeler dealer and always land on my feet one way or another.
I would first look into who put the request in first and also when the last time the colleague took a vacation. With this information I would first appeal to the colleague about changing their vacation again. If this is unsuccessful I would go to the supervisor with the information as to who is more "entitled" to the time off.
I would try and convince my college to accept the later week vacation he dines i would tell him how the vacation is really important to me even if i have to lie of an emergency.i would also try and get on the better side of my supervisor so that he can favor me and grant me the vacation.
I would not be willing to change plans. It is the supervisor's job to advise on what weeks are available and scheduling. It depends on who submitted the vacation request first. Depending on what I may actually have planned for my vacation, I may or may not be willing to take a different week.
I would check the employee handbook to see what is supposed to happen at this point. If there are no rules stating that two employees cannot take vacation at the same time I would bring that to my supervisors attention. If there is a rule then I would find out how double requests are handled and follow that rule.
I would see if my vacation is flexible and change it if it is. I would do this because it would keep the peace at work and help my coworker out. If this wouldn't work, I would have a conversation with my coworker about the situation.
For the sake of the team, I would be flexible enough to change my vacation.  I would make it clear to the team I am willing to make the change.  I would also make sure I have sign off on my next vacation.  I would do this to maintain good team relations.
My response would depend on several variables not provided in this scenario. It would be extremely unlikely that we both requested vacation at the exact same instant; therefore, one of us requested vacation first. The person who requested it first should have the right of first refusal. Additionally, it is unknown to me whether either of us have concrete plans. Personally, I don't make vacation plans (like booking flights, hotel rooms, renting condos, etc) until I have verified that I have the week off from my supervisor. If it is just a week I was thinking about, but nothing specific is going on (say perhaps a wedding) I'll happily give up the week and make my plans for another week. Sometimes I just take off for a week to work on household projects -- again, I'd happily switch that to another week.     In the end, if the colleague requested it first, it should be his. If I requested it first, it should be mine. But as I say, I'd give it up if I don't have anything important going on that week.
I would first compare our vacations and how important they are. For example, are they both just fun weekends away? Or is one a very important occasion, e.g. a wedding, and the other not nearly as meaningful? If I think my vacation is much more important, I would explain that to my boss and hope that they took my side in this. One of the jobs of the supervisor should be to decide these kinds of things when their colleagues cannot reach an agreement. If my vacation is not that important or is very easy to change around, I would willingly change it to avoid workplace confrontations.
I would try my best to change my vacation plans to another week. I would like to say that I would pull seniority on the co-worker who is unwilling to change their plans, but I wouldn't. I don't like to cause problems.
If I could, I would adjust my plans with the understanding that if this situation were to happen again, I would receive priority on vacation times.  I wouldn't need to cancel or change that many plans since I always check with work far before I book trips.
I would agree to change my week for betterment of our office. I think I could make my plans work out whenever and would not be tied to the date. I would however request that my colleague give me something for giving up the date and would try to extract something from my boss as well. I'm a team player but I have to watch out for myself as well.
I would bring it up to the supervisor and explain that we are going to be absent.  I feel it's important that everyone is treated fairly,   I wouldn't say to him that you deserve more because then he will take advantage of me.
I would try to move my vacation for later time.  If couldn't push it then I guess will go on the vacation.
I would either ask the supervisor to pick by seniority or if myself or the other person has a trip planned that cannot be changed or refunded.
I would tell my co-worker if we can't decide between the two of us we need to find another solution. Flipping a coin is fair. Heads, I get the week off. Tails, you get the week off. If the co-worker wasn't agreeing to this, I would just give them the week off and make them look bad for not being fair.
if it was convenient for me i would change my plans. however if it was something important like my daughters marriage i would refuse. i would appeal to my super and give evidence of its importance. i would volunteer to work extra the week before.
I would most likely change my vacation plans unless I had already purchased tickets. However, having had this experience in the past, I know not to make vacation plans without being granted approval first. Therefore, I would adjust my schedule. However, I would make a note of it and make sure the next time the other employee had to make concessions.
I would let the other person have the vacation time. I's a  would not want to have problems with them at work. I can always reschedule my plans and I don't think it's a big deal.
The above paragraph suggests that I requested vacation first so, to my mind, I should be the one to get it.  But in the interest of cooperation, I'd talk to the other person to see if he/she really needed to take the vacation that week and compare it to my own situation.  If it would be easy to change my own plans than I would let the the other person take that week. If not, I would talk to my manager and try to get some feedback about what I should do.  The bottom line is that I would never fight over vacation time.  If the other person wanted that week that much, I'd just let him/her have it.
I would except whatever decision the supervisor makes on who gets to go on a vacation, and who doesn’t. I would also hope that my colleague would accept the decision as well. I think that it is ultimately up to the supervisor who gets the time off.
I would check with the supervisor to see who put their request in first. If it was me, I would tell my co-worker that I had already secured those dates. If he was first, then I would change my plans. I believe the first one to submit the request should be the person who has that time off.
I would try to come up with some type of compromise. I would go to my supervisor and have a conversation. I would ask my supervisor to honor the request of whoever requested first.
I believe sometimes you have to make some sacrifices to ensure efficiency in your place of work .So i would rather reschedule my vacation for another day
I would take a different week.  It could be my colleague has reservations he can't change, or perhaps he's just being stubborn.  in any event, he won't change, so I will have to.
I would first try seeing if they would be willing to trade some other days with me if that is a possibility. If that did not work I would see who asked for the time off first. The person who asked first should have the time and I would bring this to the attention of my manager. If we asked at the same time I would see who took time off most recently. The person who took time off more recently should concede to the other.
I would tell him that he is kinda a jerk for refusing to even negotiate something. But that I will stay and work because he is a jerk. I would let him know that he should not ask me for any favors ever again. And that he is a bad team player
I would also not change my plans. I would ask the supervisor who put in their plans first and grant it to them. You do not want to seem like a pushover because then people will walk all over you.
I would let the coworker have the vacation time, IF I was able to change my plans. In which case I would make a deal with the co-work that I get to chose first next time. If I could not change my plans, I would tell my boss to make the decision.
I would plan my vacation later and give priority to my colleague per his needs. I would talk with my Family members and share the next vacation dates with them so that they can prepare accordingly.  My Supervisor will be relieved as won't face staffing issues.  My work life and personal life both are important for me, so I would postpone my vacation dates considering my colleagues urgency.
I would change my vacation to a different week. It would not be a burden on me. Also, it would look good to my supervisor that I was a cooperative employee. I would use that opportunity to get in good with my supervisor and leverage my cooperative attitude to get future things, like raises, promotions, etc.
I would speak with the coworker to see why he was unwilling to change his plans. If it was for a legitimate reason, such as tickets he could not change or get a refund for, I would examine my own travel plans and see if there was any room to change them. From there, I would make my decision.
I would take a different week off. I am usually quite flexible when requesting time off. I do understand business needs. Therefore, I would just take a different week off.
I would say we needed to be fair on this issue and have a toss up.  Something where we both have a chance to get time off in a equally fair way. It would not be ethical for one person just to say, "I will not change".
I would change my vacation plans. If I had something very important that I had planned to take vacation time for- a child's wedding or an anniversary trip - I would first discuss this with my colleague and if that person was unreasonable I would take it up with my supervisor. Barring some very important event though this would not be a big deal to cede to my colleague's wishes and keep things running smoothly at work.
I would likely choose another date and tell my colleague that the next vacation selection is mine. I would let them have this date and then I would ask for the Christmas Holiday week between Christmas and New Years off. There are many important and desirable dates for vacation so unless I had some very important function I needed to do at the specific time I originally requested I would change and have first dibs on the next selection.
I change. I don't care. I'm not there to Be a little jerk. As long as I still get the vacation it doesn't seem like a big issue
I would be disappointed about the issue and try to convince my colleague why I really need this vacation time. However, If that is not possible then I would sacrifice my vacation and allow the other person to go. Being single I can always find another time to vacation, but I would make it known to the other person that I will allow them to go and ask if the courtesy can be returned if the problem arises again.
I would talk to my colleague first and see what the plans were for the vacation and how flexible they are. If the other person had plans that were depending on pre paid items, I would change my plans. I think that I could be more flexible if they really needed that week. We could find a win/win situation.
I would change my plans to the week after. I would demonstrate that I m a team player by doing this. It shouldn't make a difference if I move my vacation by a week as long as I can change my plans without paying anything extra.
I would choose another date for my vacation. I would try to be as flexible as possible so that no hard feelings would develop over the situation. In my opinion, vacations are pretty flexible.
I would not budge. My fellow worker's vacation needs are no more important than mine. I'd leave it to management to make the decision as to who needs to change their plans.
I would talk to the co-worker and ask what they was doing that week. If they had scheduled plans like a rented house then I would try and re-schedule my week. If they didn't have anything scheduled then I would go back to my supervisor and tell them we were at an impasse and they would have to make a decision.
I would try and see if there is another coworker that would be willing to trade with me or if my supervisor would be willing to work with me on a flexible schedule.  If there was an opportunity for me to switch with another person or delay a project that would be another option.  I think most people are reasonable and would work with me knowing I had a planned vacation.
I would go ahead and change my vacation plans. I have actually had this scenario happen in the past. I would change it to avoid any conflict. I would also change my plans to demonstrate I am a team player.
I would gladly change vacation plans if it was doable to be accommodating. Unless, my plans could not be changed, for instance attending a ceremony or something for my daughter. If that were the case I would put my foot down, even at the expense of losing my job. Life is more important than a job.
I would have to change my leave and take it in a different week . I have to do this since i do not want my office work to suffer. I need to inform my family about this change and i definitely know they will accept this change.
I would try to have the supervisor determine who should take their vacation on this date based on who requested it first, that way it is fair. If it were at the same time I would ask to be determined by seniority. One's plans should not be ruined just because the other will not fold. This is a dispute that should be handled by a third party out of fairness. I would not give in either if it were up to me.
I would take one for the team.  I would reschedule and change my plans.  I think doing this would make the boss really like the way i handled myself.  I also think my coleague would owe me one.
I would try to talk with my colleague about the situation. If we both cant agree on the problem i would step down and be the bigger person. I would let him have it and then it would be my turn.
I would first determine whether my colleague already had bookings (e.g. hotel room, plane tickets). If they did and I did not, I would cede the time to them. However, if I did and they did not, I would make the case for the time to be given to me. If neither of us had any plans booked already, I would determine whether either of us had a reason that we had to take the vacation that specific week (e.g. family wedding).
I would check to see who summited the request first and go from there. If we did this at the same time I would ask if her time off was medical or set in stone like already purchased plane tickets or something. I also would more then likely be able to change mine.
I would talk to my colleague about the importance of her vacation. I would see if she's willing to take a different week. If my colleague do not agree I would just take a different week so that the job would be covered.
I would start by talking to my colleague and discussing the importance of the vacation to both of us. If it is extremely important to both of us I would talk to my manager to see if there is any way that we can both take vacation despite the policy. If the vacation is more important to my colleague I would cover for them and move my vacation to another time. This is important because I want to get buy in with my coworkers and with my manager. My colleague would owe me and would also work hard for me in the future
I would ask who has seniority and be happy with the decision of the manager in charge.  Thats what  I would do as a manager
If my plans were easily changed I would consider it.  Otherwise if I had requested the time first I would be unwilling to change.  I would insist on having my time off
I would change my vacation if I hadn't put any money down that I would lose. It would be annoying that my coworker was not budging, but I don't think it is that big of a deal. It would also make me look like I am willing to work for the betterment of the company.
I would take the time to research who has seniority between us. If it is me, I would present the fact to my supervisor and suggest that the employee with seniority gets first choice in vacation. If it is not me, I would research who presented the vacation request first. It it is not me, I would take my vacation at a different time and let the matter go.
I would discuss with the colleague whether one of us has travel plans that could not be changed, such as pre-purchased plane tickets. If he has such arrangements I would yield to him and change my vacation time. If I had such arrangements I would argue my case to persuade him  to let me take that week. If neither or both of us have such arrangements, I would suggest that whoever submitted a vacation request first should get the time.
I would talk to my coworker about their vacation plans.  I would see if there was a compromise that we could come to mutually so that we could both have time off even if it wasn't exactly what we both wanted. If there was no way for the coworker to change their plans, I would see if there are alternative ways to have coverage.  I rarely take vacation time and when I do my plans are pretty much set.  I would point out to the boss that I work every holiday and rarely ask for specific vacation time, do everything I could to cover the time with either the coworker in question or possibly fill-ins and still take the time off.
I would talk to my colleague personally. I would see if we could come to an agreement together. Maybe we can switch off and reschedule some things to make it work in everyones favor.
I would insist on my vacation being granted over my colleague's because I've been there longer and had brought this up 3 months before said date instead of a week or two.
I would change my vacation. I am not interested in causing a problem at work with another teammate. I don't feel like its a big deal and there is no need for us to both be gone at the same time.
I would change my vacation I guess.  What choice do I have?  The supervisor really needs to go by "first come first serve" basis.  Meaning whomever asked for the time off first should be awarded that time off.  Now if my colleague asked off after I did, well they're just going to have to deal with it.  I put in the time first.
I would take my vacation later on so I wouldn't cause any problems for work and so I dont cause problems for the company I'm working for.
I would change my mine.  I think depending on seniority the person who has been there the longest should get the first "dibs" on vacation days.  If I was there longer than my colleague then I would think they should be the ones to change their plans and not me.  Seniority is best decision maker.
It really depends on the details and what type of plans I had made.  If my plans were flexible, I would volunteer to take an different week off.  It seems that my colleague is unable to change his plans since he is not willing to try, so I would try to work something out.  I can definitely understand why our supervisor won’t allow both of us to take off, so I feel that I should try to help the situation by choosing a different week.
I would talk to my colleague.  I would ask her what her plans were and how firm they were.  If she is unable to change her plans, I would change mine.
I would NOT change my date because the colleague is not willing to change. I would ask the Supervisor to make the call of who to grant the vacation time off. Either that, or have me and the colleague draw out of a hat, in front of the Supervisor. The one who wins gets the vacation days. If none of those tactics work, I would just take the days off without pay, and hope for the best.
I would say I am not willing to change my plans either. I would then ask my supervisor to make the decision. I would hope my seniority and/or value as an employee would win me my vacation slot. If it didn't, I would still abide by my supervisor's decision.
I would talk to the colleague and discuss our plans. I would try to compromise because I want to keep peace in the workplace. If I didn’t have any set plans, I would take another week in order to make things easier.
I would make it look like I was terribly disappointed to give up my request. I would tell him that I would not make a fuss about it if he would owe me a favor. This gets me something for nothing.
I would try to discuss it with my colleague. I would try to find some middle ground if possible. I would do my best to reason with them and try to convince them by maybe offering to take on some of the shifts they don't want.
I would request that the other person take off another time.  I might also try to take another week off.  I would look into what the supervisor wants to do.
I would consider first if it were possible to change my plans. If I am able to change mine and they cannot change theirs I would accept a different week. I would also look into who put the request in first, whoever put it in first should have the vacation slot. I would also consider who has requested more days off in the past, if one has requested a large amount of time and the other none it wouldn't be fair to grant more time off.
I would just change my vacation plans and tell my supervisor to cancel my request. I would do this because I would want to appear as the bigger person and not be petty and say I'm not going to change my vacation dates. I also feel like my boss would remember this situation and next time if it happens he would tell my coworker that he or she needed to change their vacation plans.
I would ask my boss if there is some way i can take two weeks off if i change my vacation. If he says no i would tell my co-worker i'm willing to cut a deal so i can take my vacation. If that doesn't work i would use my sick days on the same week as my co-worker's vacation so I can't be fired.
As a writer, I can take my work with me, and don't mind taking some time during my vacation to keep up. As such, this situation would not pose a problem for me. Since I'm paid by the hour, I would in fact welcome the opportunity to keep making some money while traveling.
I would change my week unless I had made and paid for reservations. If I had paid for reservations I would provide that information to my boss and my colleague. I would explain that I would have changed my plans if I did not already pay for my vacation.
I would hopefully be the employee with seniority within my company. I would also ask to speak to my supervisor in private and discuss the matter with him/her and see if we could come to an agreement. I would bring up my previously stated seniority, my dedication to the company and the gratitude I would have for being allowed to take of for vacation. If I was unable to convince my supervisor, my next step would be to persuade my colleague to change their vacation dates.
I would change my plans to different week if I could. I typically do not fly so if I could I would just change the week I went. I wouldn't want any friction between us and would rather succomb to the situation than fight it.
I would change my vacation plans. I would do this, because it could make me look good in front of my supervisor. It would show that I am flexible and reasonable, when compared with my colleague.
If my colleague is not willing to change her time off then I will cancel my plan and will plan my vacation some other wk as my colleague is not just my colleague she is my friend too and I am willing to do that for my friend
It depends on my schedule and what I have planned. If it's something that I can't reschedule I would have human resources settle it. Someone would have to make the decision.
I would first ask my supervisor who had requested the time off first. Then I would talk to my coworker and get the details of his trip. I feel as though the time off would be best given to the person who has more at stake with cancelling their trip.
I would just talk with my colleague and try to tell him/her why i need this week to go on vacation. If that does not work i will try to make it as a favor to him like "i will go next week on vacation but you need to make me a favor next time". Like this i would be somehow friends with him/her and we would talk about it.
I would try to change mine. It is important to keep good relations with coworkers, so I would sacrifice myself, but next time it's my turn
I would also not volunteer to change my plans. I would explain what I already had planned to my colleague. If this did not work then I would ask the boss to go by seniority.
I would pick a different vacation week, because the week I get a vacation does not matter to me as long as I get a week off. I would be respectful of my colleague not wanting to change their plans, and fulfill my work during his/her vacation to the best of my ability. I would not want to start any sort of conflict with any colleague I work with.
I would first consider whether it was easy to change my vacation dates. If so, I would change with no issue. If it would be difficult or cost me more money, I would implore management to consider who made the first request for PTO.
I would want to find out which one of us has requested this time off first.  Which one of us has more seniority.  Also, I would want to find out how much this person has invested his time in the company.  If the times are more than my own then I would pick another week to ask off for vacation.  If the other party has less seniority and less times then I would not want to change my vacation dates.
I would find out how much time and money my colleague has invested so far in her vacation plans. If it is a lot I would DEMAND that I get the week, unless she is willing to compensate me for my trouble.  I would also find out who has been with the company the longest, who had vacation last, etc. and use all the stuff that would support my deserving the choice, and of course, none of anything that would show I didn't deserve it.
I would change my vacation time in order to do whats best for the company. I also dont want to waste time arguing with an ignorant and selfish person.  Having the respect of my boss is more important than a vacation.
I would assess what I am using the vacation for and whether or not I had plans. I would also assess who had been with the company longer. If I didn't have significant plans, I would choose a different vacation week (but a desirable one) and insist on it up front. If I had plans, I would approach my supervisor and explain the situation so that I would be the one who gets vacation approved that week.
I would ask who put in their vacation request first.  Whoever put in for the vacation time first should be the one that  gets the vacation during that time.  If they put in for it at the same time, I would suggest that it goes to the person with the most seniority with the company.
I would allow my colleague to take the vacation on condition that he has an agent thing to do more than mine in order to be fair
I would argue that I put in for the vacation time first before my colleague did and this should be on a first come first serve basis and I would even remind my supervisor that I am more senior than her
I would then approach the supervisor and ask that they make a decision based on seniority. It is the next fairest way to solve the problem. Whoever has been with the company longest gets their choice of vacation week. They have earned it.
I would change my plans and go on vacation at a different time.  Vacation time for me is flexible so I can work with others schedules.  To me work comes before pleasure so making sure my company's needs were met before mine were would be the most important thing.
I would ask the Supervisor if He thought it was fair that My colleague should be able to take the vacation week when I had already requested it. I would then state that it was not fair to do that when I had already put in for that week. If My Supervisor did not respond accurately and made us decide between Us, then I would make sure that I was the better performing employee and then I would proceed to go to Human Resources.
I would contemplate how important it really is to take my vacation that week. If possible, I would change my plans for either the week before or week after when I originally planned to vacation. If my plans were set in stone, I would ask my supervisor if we could have a sit down and I would explain that my plans cannot be changed and how important they are to me.
I would try to convince them that the person with more seniority should get the week.
I would not put up a fuss about it. If the coworker had plane tickets or something and couldn't change plans and I had no set plans, I would be ok. I would also like to know who made the vacation request first.
I would do my best to reason with my colleague and see who's vacation can actually be changed or rearranged and then we would have to reason. as adults we would have to work it out or neither person is going to go.
I would offer to change my plans. I am a pretty easy going person and if my co worker is unwilling to compromise then I will. I like to please others and keep things less tense in the workplace.
I would try to be reasonable and flexible and find out what we are both doing and see if there is any flexibility in either of our plans. If I'm able, I would be willing to change my plans to accommodate someone else because that is part of being a team player. I would hope down the road someone would do the same for me.
I would most likely let my co worker have the vacation, unless there was a reason that I really needed the vacation days. I would also make sure that for next year I would have my vacation request in as soon as possible to avoid this conflict next year.  Life's too short to worry over the small stuff in my opinion. I also would let my co worker know that I have done this.
I would pick a different week because I usually don't have any major things scheduled for my vacations
I would probably change my vacation plans. It would show my boss I'm flexible and provide the possibility of my colleague returning a favor if I need one later.
I would talk to them about why they need that week in particular.  If there is a reason that it can't be another week, then I would reschedule.  If there was no valid reason, I would suggest the supervisor flip a coin.
