I would reconsider my plans, and see if they were more flexible than my co-worker's. If they weren't, then I would talk to my co-worker to see what their plans were, and if it was a scheduling issue, or their stubborn self not wanted to switch weeks. Most likely though, as I'm very good at planning, I would most likely relinquish the week, as I wouldn't plan my vacation until I received the go-ahead from my boss.
I would change my vacation plans. I would be happy to be amenable in the workplace. I would think it more important to be considered a generous, giving team player than to have my preferred week of vacation. Rather than be annoyed, I would think that my flexibility reflects positively upon me.
I would let my colleague take his vacation and I would stay behind. I would do this because I do not feel it is a big deal to postpone my vacation until later. I feel that both of us are going to get our vacations one way or the other so it does not matter who gets their vacation first.
I would ,go a head and change my vacation to another week.But I would tell my boss that it would be my firm decision. Sometimes you just have to give in.
I would probably agree to my colleagues demands. However, I would expect something in return, as I’m doing them a favor by cancelling my plans. I would expect them to help me with certain work tasks either when I return or during my own vacation, in return for rescheduling my vacation.
I would look at my plans to see if they can be adjusted.  If not I would go talk with my colleague and see if we can make some adjustments.  If we can work it out that will be great.  If not then the one who made the first request should have their request honored.
I would change my vacation just so there won't be any conflict. I rather be the bigger person, so there wouldn't be any hassle, I don't need things at work or to make life more complicated that it already is.
I would say we are both entitled to this time off . I would compare stories with my colleague and if their need for that week was greater then mine or  if I could change my plans I would take a different week off.
I would talk to my colleague to see if he has reservations. If not I would try to have him change his vacation since you requested it off first. If he/she won't change their vacation I would change mine but not be happy about it.
Unless I had tickets that I couldn't change I would just take my vacation another week.  It's not worth the hassle of fighting about it.  Next time something like this happens my manager will remember that I took one for the team.
I would be more than happy to change my vacation time. I'm very flexible and we are a good team. I would also like to be seen by my manager as being a team player.
I would try to request my vacation at another time. I have had that happen to me once and I was fine with changing my days. I usually like to be flexible and understanding with my coworkers.
I would change my plans. It seems to be better to be cohesive with a co-worker. I presume their plans are not easily changeable.
I would try to change my vacation, if not then she can change hers. One of them would be easier to change than the other.
I would try to find out who made the request for vacation first. If my colleague made their request first, I would honor that and choose a different week. If I made my request first, I would present this information to our supervisor to enforce a fair policy.
I would talk to my colleague about their vacation the importance of their vacation plans. If they have very important plans such as attending an important family event I would reschedule my vacation plans. If I had very important plans, and I thought they didn't I would try to change their mind. If I thought they weren't being reasonable I would talk to my supervisor and suggest that the person that should get the week off is the one that asked for the week off first.
I would still take my vacation. It is not my fault that the other employee decided to take their vacation at the same time as me. I am entitled to my vacation.
I would talk with my colleague and find out why they are unwilling or unable to change their plans. If my plans are flexible, I would simply let them have the week and change my schedule. If my plans were not flexible, I would talk with the colleague and supervisor together to see if we could work something out so both of us got at least part of the week we wanted off.
I would, first off, explain the situation to my supervisor. Compromosing, in my honest opinion, would be the most reasonable option. I would see if another co-worker would take my place. If that doesn't work, I'd probably cut my losses if the reason I was taking off wasn't too important.
Unless I already had flights or hotel arrangements made, I would just change my vacation to a different week.  While I may not necessarily like it, if I didn't do it, there could likely be retaliation from this employee that could affect my job.  To me it's not worth squabbling over unless I already have reservations made and paid for.  If that is the case the I would take the copies to my boss and show them and stand my ground.
I would talk with my supervisor. I'd ask him who put in for vacation time first. Then suggest that whoever did, should get it.
I would try to negotiate. I would ask if they have anything in particular planned and if I do and they don't maybe we could rearrange it. It seems the most straightforward first step.
I would try and find a way to reschedule my vacation if possible. If that were not possible I would try and find a way for us both to be able to take vacation at the same time or work ahead so I would be able to take vacation.
If it were possible for me to exchange my vacation, then I would agree to do so.  I would be accommodating because I could afford to be.  If I didn't have any definite plans, I would have no problem taking my vacation at another time.
I would find out from the supervisor who asked for the vacation first. If they asked first I would change my vacation to a different week. If they asked for it first I would change my vacation and also ask for priority to schedule my vacation the next time. If we both asked at the same time I would hope that the employee with the most seniority would get the week.
I would hopefully be able to change mine. If I had nonrefundable tickets though there may be a battle with my coworker. Maybe try to convince the boss he could live without both of us for the week.
I would first ask my colleague if their vacation had any special occasion. If it did not then I would ask about their vacation and ask why this particular week it has to be. If they have no significant reason then I would ask my supervisor who requested off first for vacation. I think if there is no special occasion involved then the one who first requested should get it.
I would change my vacation date because my colleague is unwilling to change his. It won’t be a big deal. I will take the week after for vacation. If my colleague is rigid on this small matter, then I should not fight it
I would try and make changes with my family first.  If I was able to change my vacation, then I would not have a problem switching at work.  I think this would help my coworker not feel bad as well.
I would first consider if I could easily swap out my vacation dates.  If I could change my vacation without it negatively impacting my family then I would just change the dates because it reduces conflict.  If it would negatively impact my family then I would explain the situation to my co-worker and see if we could work out a deal.  I would try to work out a deal because the co-worker might be more flexible with at least a few days if they understood the constraints I had as well.
I would speak to my supervisor and see who requested first. Whoever was first should get the time.  If this does not solve the issue I will not hesitate to go above my supervisor to the manager.
I have to deal this situation all the time since I work for a small company. I would always come up with a solution that works for both of us. If I did not have any vacations plans, I would gladly change my plans as to the hope that the other person would do the same to me.
If I had more seniority and the vacation was already planned I would try and talk my co-worker into changing. If that person still insists on that same week I would find a mediator to help.
I would tell my supervisor I can't change my plan because I already booked hotel and plane ticket. It is too expensive to make changes now. I will do extra work for colleagues that help cover me when I am away
I would feel that whoever had scheduled it first should be entitled to it. The situation described does not indicate who requested the vacation first. Assuming that I requested it second I suppose I would have to go along with not being able to take the vacation week. By the same note if they requested it after me I believe they should have to work it. I understand that they are not willing to change in the situation, but I just do not see a reason for me to cave into that should I have put in for the vacation first.
Well obviously in this case my colleague has made arrangements.  I would take mine as soon as they came back.  Why act like a douchebag?
I would see if I am able to change my plans. I would try and change my plans since the other person is unable to change theirs. That way I would be able to work when they are on vacation, and they are able to work when I go.
I would try to first talk to my colleague and see if I could convince them to move their plans. I would offer to pick up some of their work during their vacation week if they agreed to change it. If they were unwilling to change their vacation plans still, I would rearrange my plans to take a vacation a different week.
I would just let the other person take the vacation week.  I could let it go.  My family would be flexible.
I would probably settle it with a seeming game of chance like picking the dates for the vacations from a box filled with dates. It would offer a sense of equal random chance for fairness, so my colleague is likely to accept. However, I will subtly rig the box by pocketing the paper with the earliest date and pulling it out at the right moment to ensure that I come out as the victor.
I would talk to my supervisor first.  If I had been the first one to request that week off, I would explain that situation to him.  If I wasn’t the first one to request that time off, I would be fine switching my dates.
I would have no choice but to change my plans. I would be very annoyed however and request the other employee at least split the time so that each of us could have some of the time we requested. Ultimately, it's not worth losing my job over.
I would first explain to my supervisor that I had already put my vacation plans in before the supervisor accepted the other person's.  I then would try and reason with the other coworker and tell them the same thing. If both do not work, then I would go to the supervisor and say that they should decide the vacation because neither of us are able to. The reason for this is because I want the supervisor having the power to decide and not us.
It would depend on why I requested the time off.  If it was for a family emergency I would try to negotiate with my co-worker.  I would try to talk to my supervisor to see if it could be worked out somehow.
I am willing to change my vacation because it really does not matter to me when I go on vacation.  I like to cooperate with my coworkers so this would be easy to do. I feel that changing my vacation time is not a huge deal and would make things easy if I cooperate.
I would also not be willing to change my plans.  I already the trip planned and my husband took the same time off.  I would talk to my boss and make a case for my time off.
I would first talk to my coworker and try to convince them why I need the week of and see if they can move. Failing that I would look at my own plans and see if I would be able to move. If neither of us were willing to move our vacation I would see if we could work out something with the supervisor where we could do some work in advance. Otherwise neither of us should get the week off.
I would volunteer to change mine. I would tell the person that next time is my turn. I would have them commit to that 'deal.' I would tell my supervisor of our arrangement.
I would not like it, but I would let them have it. I would just do it with the condition that next time, I get first choice. I don't think it is worth fighting over.
I would get over it and move on with life. Let the baby have their bottle. Life is short, why worry.
I would probably give in to his request. i don't take many vacations. when I do vacation its usually to work on my home or just to rewind. I don't travel much.
I would ask my colleague why they need this vacation week so badly, and hear them out. If their reasoning was good enough, such as plane tickets on that date, I wouldn't argue for it. If I had a better reason, however, I would try to convince them otherwise.
I would request that the person who requested the vacation first be allowed to take vacation. I would discuss with the coworker to determine whose vacation is easier to cancel. Ideally if the the other person's vacation is movable, I could take mine as scheduled.
I would try to dear with my colleagues in ordet to solve the issue withou involve our boss. If hi's not agree, I would ask to my boss take place on this situation because I scheduled my vacations first than my colleague.
I would ask who put in for the vacation first? Would there be a lost of some sort if not taken? I would ask who has seniority. It depends on why the vacation was needed first because it depends on the importance of the vacation.
If I had not planned my vacation yet then I would give in to my colleague. However if I had already made plans then I would insist I stick to my original plan. The boss needs to decide which of us cna take the vacation leave based on performance and other work related factors.
I would consider changing my vacation. I would also consider getting a new job, or suggest they hire more people. But realistically someone has to budge, so maybe make a compromise either split it up so that you get half the week you want and they get half the week they want. or next year whoever changes gets their choice.
I would kindly ask him again to change his request and if that did not work I would change my days off because i try to do the nice thing And changing my days off is not a big deal to me
Typically, I am very flexible person and would adjust my vacation dates.  I am of the belief that it's a minor inconvenience and that me prioritizing work will benefit me in the long term.
I would just reschedule my vacation for the following week. I wouldn't make a big deal about it. I would definitely schedule my vacation for the next year alittle early to get the week I want.
I'd consider how important it would be for myself to postpone vacation plans. If I could not make changes in the schedule, I myself would be just as stubborn in not willing to change. If this created conflict, so be it. If schedule could be changed, I would do so to avoid unnecessary conflict.
If possible I would change the date of my vacation. This will show my boss that I care about the company and my job. This will bring a good light to my loyalty to the company.
I would have a discussion with my colleague.  My willingness to change my time would be dependent upon why I wanted the vacation.  If I were going to a wedding or some fixed time event, I would explain that.
I would discuss the situation with the colleague and determine why they were so steadfast.  If the reason was acceptable, I would try to negotiate some offset from them in the future, such as the right to first choice on a key vacation time or to alternate choices.  If the colleague's reason was poor or selfish, I would escalate.
I would say that I'm not willing to change my plans either and that for all fairness we would have to flip a coin or ask our supervisor if there's a way they can decide for us. I also think that if there is a role that is busier during that point in the year, that person should be the one to stay. Ultimately I would heed the feedback of my supervisor and what they decide.
I would probably defer to my co-worker.  My vacations are usually somewhat flexible so it wouldn't be a big deal.  I would also look like a good teammate.
I would try to find out what they had planned. If my vacation was flexible I would change it. If it was something I could not change I would go on the vacation.
I would make the argument to my supervisor about why my vacation can't be changed, if applicable. I would then ask the supervisor to handle the situation and choose who gets to take vacation. It's the role of the supervisor to make this decision, not of the two employees to work it out.
I would change mine. I would be pissed though. I would be cold to them after that.
I would take vacation at a different time. The reason being my family is flexible and would accommodate. My colleague will appreciate my gesture. And my boss will treat this favorably.
I would not change my vacation plans unless it were beneficial to me. If I were able to get something covered, then sure. The other coworker would have to make it worth it.
Most likely I would forfeit that vacation time and reschedule for another time.  It might be difficult if plans and reservations were made.  I would try to compromise if at all possible and discuss the matter with my co-worker and office manager.
I would like to change my vacation plan. Because one person should compromise with other to avoid problem in workplace. So I change my opinion and re-plan the vacation.
I would consider which of us has plans that are the most difficult to change. If my time off was just an arbitrary week, I would not make an issue of it. If for example I had expensive tickets already booked, I would "go to battle" for my week!
I would ask the supervisor who had requested the week off first.  If it was me, then I would stay firm in my request and apologize to my colleague, but explain that my plans are also important to me.  I would be firm even if my plans were somewhat flexible, because I believe it's important to stand up for fair and objective treatment in the workplace, even in small matters.  If my colleague had requested first, then I would change my plans, and also ask my colleague if they would remember this favor in future.  (Never hurts to have people owe you a favor, and of course if my colleague was wise enough to ask me the same in the reverse situation, I would remember it.)
I would tell my coworker to please go by whoever put their request in first. If I put in m y vacation request first I would ask that my supervisor honor my request and tell my coworker that their request is denied. It is unfair to make me change my plans.
I would change my plans if that is possible. At the very least discuss it with my colleague. Usually vacations are pretty flexible.
I would change my vacation days, because I feel like I would be "owed one" in the future. It would also make me look better to the employer that I yielded to another coworker's needs.
I would evaluate the option of rescheduling my vacation to ease the stress. Then I would also ask my coworker to do the same. We should discuss the nature of our vacations and how convenient or inconvenient it would be for either of us to reschedule. Ultimately, I would probably be the one to reschedule.
I would not give in either.  If I gave in, my colleague might think that I am weak and run over me in the future.  I would suggest that we either split up the days, or come to some sort of other compromise.
I would try to convince my colleague  first but he can't consider my request I have no choice but to change my plans. that week is no difference for the next week. At work conflict is always in there so someone needs to bend down or else this will no go anywhere.
I would reconsider my vacation , only in case I am staying in my home town. But in case I bought tickets to travel or have reservation and planned with other family members. I will not cancel my vacation for this time.
I would most likely change my vacation plans if another week would still work out for my family. If however, I needed to have this week off for my vacation then I would speak to my supervisor about the importance of having this vacation approved.
In this case, it would depend on two things,  First, which one of us asked for the time off first.  The second thing would be can I change the reservations and or travel arrangements for my vacation.  If I was the first to ask for the time off, I would request that I get the time off unless my plans can easily be changed.  If the colleague was the one who asked first, then I am out of luck and have to change my plans regardless of the loss to me.  (This very thing happened to my daughter n law las year and she had to rearrange her honeymoon even though she had asked for the time off first!)
I would probably first try to negotiate with him. Depending on how important my vacation is, I would offer him an incentive. If it weren't as important, I would just end up working rather than cause a problem with my colleague.
I would change my vacation. I would also make sure that my supervisor is aware that I will volunteer to change my plans. I would also make sure that my supervisor was aware that my colleague refused to.
First I would hope that whatever I have planned could be changed.  I think it also should depend on who has been there the longest.  If it were myself I would insist on my original plan but if the other colleague was there the longest I would have to change my plans.  Wouldn't be thrilled but what else could I do.
I would be willing to compromise with my colleague, and change my vacation week. I believe I have the ability and can be flexible when I host my vacation, and given the situation my colleague may not have the same luxuries or flexibility. I would compromise with my colleague, as it resolves the situation quickly and without aggression or further tension.
I would obviously have to change my plans. I would not complain and give my Co worker that date they wanted. I would do that in hopes of my boss noticing and possibly give me the option of making sure I got the week I wanted next year, with no problems.
I would ask my supervisor who asked for the week off first. I think whoever asked first should get the week off. If it was me, I would insist on getting the week off, and if it was my colleague, I would pick another week.
I would simply change my vacation week. I think it would be too much unnecessary hassle to argue or negotiate about it. This is especially important because she already had vacation plans; I’m usually pretty flexible.
I would try and talk to them about seeing what can be done. Then I would ask them where they are going and would want to know when they are going so that we can try to work something out. If they can't work something out, then I would just take vacation the next week.
I think I could give up my vacation so as not to cause trouble at work. Sometimes it's good to sacrifice our own interest for the benefit of the general interest. With a little effort, I will try to re-plan my vacation.
If my scheduled vacation can be altered with not much inconvenience to the people involved, I can always just give in.  It will be easy if my family/friends are not involved. I always adjust as much as possible.
I would probably change my vacation plans to a week that would work for everyone.  I would not want to put my supervisor in the lurch, and it seems as if my colleague had unchangeable plans.  Therefore, it seems easiest to change my plans.
I would see who asked for the vacation first. If it was him I would take a vacation another time. If it was me I would suggest it should be to take the vacation first since I asked first it is only fair. If we cannot come to an agreement I would be open to some sort of contest and the winner gets the first vacation.
I would change my vacation dates if at all possible to accommodate my colleague. This makes me appear to be a team player which is a good thing to be at work. It also makes me appear to be more flexible and helpful and all of those other traits that are looked upon favorably. Unless my vacation plans were made far in advance and involve non-refundable tickets that would cause me to incur a large expense or miss an important occasion. If that is the case, I would make the boss earn his paycheck and hope for the best.
I would determine what process the company used for approving vacation requests (seniority, date of request, etc.) If I was the senior person and/or put in for it first my supervisor would need to follow the procedure for approving it and deal with my coworker accordingly.
I would offer to change my plans if possible to accommodate my job. I am usually pretty flexible with my vacation plans, and would not mind taking another week. However, if I had plans that could not be changed, such as hotel reservations that could not be changed or tickets to an attraction, I would speak with my colleague and explain the situation to see if he/she would be willing to change weeks. If they still refused to change their plans, I would ask my boss to decide which of us would have to change our dates.
I would change the week I plan to take for vacation. I would guess that they're unwilling to change because they've already made reservations or have some other reason that it needs to be that week. If I've only just requested the vacation then I haven't made reservations yet. I would ask the coworker if they would return the favor in the future if the same situation came up and I were unable to make a change.
It would depend on why we each needed that time and how flexible our plans really were. It would also depend on our seniority and past performance. If all things were equal, or if my plans were less flexible I would want some sort of arbitration from HR so as not to put the supervisor in a difficult position.
I would also decide to not change my vacation plans. I would leave the decision up to our manager. I feel that it should be their job to decide who gets the vacation and who has to reschedule.
I would first see if my vacation is flexible and change my dates if I can. I would then discuss with my supervisor changing policy for how vacation time is requested, so it is more fair next time. I would suggest it be done by seniority and/or first come first serve.
I would choose another week evidently. That would seem to be the only solution. I would hope that should that occur in the future, my colleague would be the one willing to change plans.
I would see what their reasoning is for the time off.  If it is more important than mine then I would switch.  If the person was just staying home then I would fight to keep my time off.
if i didn't have anything planned, i would change my vacation. I try to lead by example at work. if i do this for a colleague today, hopefully they will do the same for another colleague tomorrow
I would likely be willing to change mine. I'm typically flexible in terms of my vacation plans. It was also give me a chance to demonstrate to my supervisor I'm a team player.
I would probably just relent and take a different week, so I didn't have to rock the boat and disrupt the office harmony. That is, unless I had set plans that would be difficult for me to alter (for instance, if I was planning my vacation around my travel mates' schedule.) If that were the case, I would try to kindly explain my issue with my colleague and ask if there was a way we could compromise by allowing me to do a favor for him/her in return. If she/she doesn't budge on the issue, I would discuss the issue with my boss and let he/she decide.
I would try and see if I can reschedule my vacation without incurring any penalties. I do not like conflict and if I can make adjustments without having to deal with conflict I would. I feel that may work best for everyone involved.
If this is the first time this situation has come up with this same colleague, I would agree to take a different week off. If this is a recurring pattern, I would try to plan better so that we don't request vacation for the same week
