I would speak to my colleague individuallly to see if we could work it out without management involvement.  Assuming both of us needed the same week and neither could change plans, a decision would have to be made.  I would try to accomodate the request of the other, but if that was not possible, the supervisor would have ot make a decision
I would talk with my colleague because they have plans they can't change.  If I'm not going anywhere, perhaps I would change my week even if I had made the request first.  I would at least be willing to compromise if I could. If they had made the request before I did, then I would simply have to change my week.
I would probably take my vacation after the collegaue because i believe that I should put my work first before fun time. Im also somewhat of a workaholic so this would not bother me to much.
I would discuss this with my manager. I would see if my manager could see if my co-worker and I could come to an agreement. If not, I would take my vacation time at another time.
I would not give up my vacation for someone else, because I worked hard, too. I have important hings to do. I don’t mind negotiating or flipping a coin, however. I would certainly fight it.
I like to think that I lead a fluid and flexible life.  Unless I have plane tickets or non-cancellable reservations for a resort, I really don't see a problem with changing my vacation to accommodate.  This could be multi-faceted beneficially - I would make the colleague happy by allowing him to take his already scheduled vacation.  I might also look more favorable to management since I was willing to change my plans, and possibly more opportunites would come my way?
I would want to know what my colleague was going on vacation for, and consider it against what I was going on vacation for. It would depend if I was able to rearrange my travel schedule, if I had already paid for it, and for what I was traveling for. Is my colleague just being rude and not wanting to be inconvenienced by having to reschedule their trip? Or, is it something important, like a funeral or a wedding?
I would try to change the week of my vacation. If I couldn’t I’d insist they change theirs. If not I’ll put it off for a while. I wouldn’t want my workplace to struggle.
I would change my plans. but would ask for something in return for putting my plans on hold. I would ask the other employee if he/she would cover for me at some date if I needed her to.
I would approach my colleague first and try to figure out who put in the request first. Second I would see if they are vacationing with family or not. If not then I wouldn't back down. Worst comes to worst I'd ask my supervisor to be the tie breaker.
I would speak with my colleague in an attempt to understand why he is unwilling or unable to change his vacation plans.  If my vacation plans were flexible then I would change my plans and let my colleague take his vacation.  Other wise, I would try to persuade him to change his plans and offer something in return (e.g., cover a shift I know he doesn't want to work).  If I was unsuccessful in getting him to change his vacation plans then I would talk to my supervisor and insist that as a supervisor he intervene and decide who gets to take vacation that week.
Since my colleague is not willing to change their plans, then I will be the bigger person and change mines instead. It wouldn't make a big difference to me because what I have planned can wait. I don't mind doing things like this and plus it makes me look good as a person.
I would talk to my colleague about his vacation plans. I would see if its possible we could trade vacation days for a time he wants and a time I want.  If he is unwilling to trade, I will try and find a time that I need as soon possible, so it doesn't get taken first.
It all depends on if I have something planned for the vacation.  If I do, I will try to talk with the other colleague and see if we could compromise a solution.  If I ended up not able to take the vacation, I definitely will put in my time in advance next time and make sure I get approval before planning anything next time.
IF my plans were flexible, I would change my vacation.  However, I prefer being pro-active, so I would have avoided the situation by checking with my colleagues before scheduling a vacation.  If that had been the case, I would rely on the fact that I had checked with colleagues before scheduling and the fact that I had scheduled vacation first.
I would first talk to my colleague to see what they have going on during that week.  I would do this to see if either of us has something that can be cancelled.  We both need to be reasonable. If nothing can be agreed upon, I would agree to let them go ahead and use that week, as I do not like disagreements.
I would find out who asked for the vacation time first and go with that. If either one of us had a very important function to attend, it would be proper for the other to change dates. The only fair way, in all other cases, would be to give it to the person who requested it first.
I would first try to understand the situation fully, finding out why my coworker cannot change their plans and what exactly my supervisor's concerns were, so that I do not assume incorrectly. I would then discuss options with both my supervisor and colleague. For instance, I would ask my supervisor if I could work remote for a few hours on vacation to help with the workload, allowing both me and my coworker to go on vacation. I would also ask my coworker if they would be willing to work some hours while on vacation to help with the supervisor's concerns. Worst comes to worst, I would change my vacation plans, I'm sure that there would be serious reasons for both my coworker and supervisor to be inflexible.
This would really depend on the reason I would need the vacation time off. If there was something that was important happening like a family event, I would pressure my boss into deciding based on need for time off. If it was just for a trip or something I could change, then I would be willing to change the time I needed off.
I would change my vacation week. In addition, I'd suggest to the supervisor that going forward, it might be a good idea for people in their department to submit vacation requests in advance, and these would have to be approved. This way, the supervisor could determine the scheduling of vacations and avoid a situation where somebody who had already made travel arrangements would have to cancel and reschedule their plans.
I would meet with my colleague and discuss their vacation plans to understand how invested they were in the certain week. For example, had they already made flight purchases and it was for a special family getaway I would shift my plans to another week.
I would first find out who requested vacation first.  I believe whomever put in their request first should have priority.  If the requests were put in at exactly the same time, I would talk to my colleague to see if we could determine who would have the bigger burden (ie greater cost, others have schedule vacation times to coordinate).  If we could not reach an agreement based on that, I would find an unbiased third party to review the facts and make a decision as to who should have to defer.
If this was a vacation where I did not have a financial investment already made that forced me to go (plane ticket, reservations at hotel or lodging) and or a plan to meet with friends or family that was scheduled in advance, I would be willing to change my plans. If I was willing to volunteer to change my plans, I would then ask for a coin flip.
I would consider if my plans were changeable. For example, I'd check to see if I could change my hotel or flight dates and I'd have to check with the kids schools to see when they can take off of school. Then I'd be able to come back with an answer of whether I can or can't be more accommodating.
I would change my plans unless it was already paid for. If I paid and booked a trip already i would not cancel my plans. Some trips are non refundable so it would not be able to be changed.
I would sit down with my colleague and review such things as seniority, pertinence of the vacation and who requested the vacation first. If we could not come to an agreement after discussing the vacation time that was requested. I may opt to change my vacation to a later date as to keep the solidarity and harmony of my workplace.
Depending on whether or not I had reservations, I would probably change mine.  If I did have plans which I had already paid for, I would ask my employer to grant the vacation according to who asked first and seniority.  I would make sure I had the vacation approved before making plans though.
I would change my plans. I'm usually easy to deal with and can find another suitable time to go. It is currently only my wife and I with no specific plans. Taking another date would and making it easier for my supervisor could be a benefit for me in the future.
I would reschedule my vacation. Being part of a team requires flexibility, there are times we need to make sacrifices and be their for our company. I feel optimistic that at some point in the future my colleague would return the favor and help me when I needed it.
I would discuss with my colleague about the vacation week.  I would see if there was any possibility for a compromise.  If maybe both of us could take off around the same time without overlapping.
I would ask my supervisor as to whom submitted the vacation request first. If the vacation request was submitted at the same time, then I would talk to my colleague about their vacation plans and how set they are on this week. I would do this just to see if they have already made plans that can not be cancelled or rescheduled without financial detriment and if this is the case, then I will change my vacation week to the one immediately after.
I would wait more time to take my vacation. It's not really a big problem to me. I would just wait. But I would remind them that they owe me a favor.
I would go to my supervisor. I would let them know that I had requested it first and that its only fair that I get it. I would justify my reasoning because the coworker is unwilling to change any of their plans.
If the colleague asked or scheduled their vacation first then they are entitled to that time off. Since they have already indicated that they are not willing to change their vacation plans I would have to make some changes. I would do whatever I needed to in order to reschedule my vacation. In the future I would be more apt to request vacation time as soon as possible to avoid this from occurring in the future.
I would tell him that he can have it and that I will take another week later, the bible tells us to think of others MORE highly than ourselves and in doing so, maybe he will see that christians ARE good people and want to help and that will be a testimony to the Love of Jesus Christ
I would let my colleague have their vacation this time, but I would let it be known that next year if we are still working for the same company that I would have first choice concerning vacation time.
I would try to talk with my colleague privately to resolve the situation.  I would ask why he needs the vacation at this exact time, and explain why I want to take one that week.  Then hopefully we could come to a joint decision on who gets the week. I would try to change my vacation plan timing if it was possible (if I wouldn't lose money on hotel, etc). I believe we could work it out.
I would discuss my co-workers reason for taking vacation.  If it was non-detrimental and mine was, I would ask for him to compromise for me.  If mine was unimportant and his was important, I would switch my vacation time.
This depends a whole lot on the circumstances of the colleague's request and the reasons for the vacation. But considering only the details given here in this scenario, I would have no problem moving my vacation to a different week. Flexibility is a good workplace asset and I'd see this situation as a chance to demonstrate a positive quality.
I would not be willing to change my vacation plans either. Neither one of us is entitled to a vacation over the other. I would rather leave it to my boss or even flip a coin to see. Fair is fair.
I would hate it but I would understand.  If this request involved an event like a wedding I would ask if I could have one or two days off and offer to work overtime when I returned.    I would choose a different week but be ready next year to put in my vacation requests as soon as I was allowed to.
I would most likely change my vacation, depending on what my plans were. I would ask who requested it first because I think it is most fair if that person gets the week off. However, realistically I would probably be passive and avoid conflict with the stubborn coworker.
I would first consider what I had planned for vacation and if I could change my plans. If I could change my plans I would go ahead and change my vacation. If I could not change my plans and had been the first person to request the vacation I would demand that I get my vacation or the company would need to pay any cancellation fees that resulted from having to cancel the vacation
If I worked some place that I had more seniority, I would simply object to their vacation. If not I would try to talk with my colleague. I would try to reason with them as to why they should change their plans. If their reason is more valid than mine then I would change mine.
I would gladly change my plans. I like to be cooperative and considerate. Changing around vacations days to accommodate someone else is an easy way to prove friendship and camaraderie.
I would go ahead and let them take their's first. I take my vacations alone and I am very flexible. This would not be a big deal to me.
If I did not have a serious conflict and it was far enough ahead of the planned week, I would attempt to re-schedule my vacation. It is not so much for the colleague if they are so unwilling to change plans, but moreso to be responsible and make sure work gets covered and also I am a flexible person that easily adapts to change which often other people are not. My decision might also depend on if I have already paid for a vacation and costs are non-refundable or the supervisor's demands are unreasonable. I then might attempt to negotiate or refuse depending on the circumstances.
I would work that week.  My colleague may be on vacation, but I will be making all the money that they will be missing.  I believe that bosses look at more flexible employees for promotions and that is just one more thing that works in my favor.
I would tell my co-worker that for this year I am willing to change my plans but for the holidays of the new period it is he who makes the sacrifice to modify his plans as I realized
It would depend on if my plans could be changed. If they could I would be the bigger person, because for some reason I love being a martyr.   If they could not be changed. I would insist that our supervisor decides for us. If they couldn't or just wouldn't we should lose the days off work and just get the extra check.
This depends on the type of vacation we are going to take; If my colleague is going to go with his family to some place and I am going to stay at home to rest, I do not care and I can give my colleague that time.
I would check if I switched it to the following week or previous week would it make a difference.  If I have made commitments with others or have non refundable reservations I would speak to the coworker. I would ask if they had were in a similiar situation and explain my situation.  If the same I would try to work out something.  If unable I would let whoever signed up first go as scheduled.  I tried my best to not cause any long term hurt feelings.
I would talk to my colleague and tell them that since I don't have plans to travel for my vacation, I will take different week.  However, the next time we choose vacation weeks, I get first choice for which week I want.  If you want the same week next time, you need to stand down and work and allow me to take the requested time off.
If I don't have plane tickets or a firm reason why I need that week off, I would change my vacation dates to accommodate for the busyness at work. I would do this so as not to create any type of conflict with my colleague. I would also do this to continue to be in good standing with my boss.
I would talk to my colleague and I would explain the reasons of my decision. If after the conversation he continues with the idea to take the vacations, I would evaluate the change of my vacations. I would change it if the reasons of my colleague are good for himself and his family.
I would ask my colleague again if there was any way that he or she would consider taking his or her vacation the week before or the week after the week in question. If they aren't able to reschedule their plans I would look at my own plans to see if there was any room for rescheduling so I could take my vacation a week before or a week after. If that is possible I would go ahead and rearrange my plans to accommodate my coworker's vacation time. If it is not possible then I would accept the fact that I would not be able to take my vacation that week since it is very understandable that we would not be able to take the same week off.
I would see if I am able to change my vacation plans to demonstrate that I am a team player.  If the plans cannot be changed, I will attempt to talk to my colleague and supervisor and see if we can do anything to change the situation.  Finally, I would question who submitted the request first and who has more seniority.  If my colleague submitted first, then I would feel obligated to allow them to have the week.
I would establish an agreement with my colleague, where the person who most needs to go on vacation on that date will be the one who takes the vacations, if in hypothetical case it is my colleague, I will agree to change my vacation plans.
I would state to my boss that I put in the request first.  I would also say that I have plane reservations.  I can't change them as my tickets are non-refundable. If I didn't have reservations/tickets, then maybe I could change my time off.
I would see which of the two of us had seniority, then ask my supervisor to consider honoring the person with the longest seniority.  In addition, I would try to accommodate the other person if it can't be worked out by seniority.
I would take a different week. I can enjoy my vacation on another week just as much as the week I had originally planned. I don't really enjoy conflict.
I would try and change my vacation plans, especially if my colleague wasn't going to change their mind. If I could change my vacation plans around, I would. More than likely I would be able to, so I would just take my vacation another week. It wouldn't matter to me very much.
I would change my vacation plans to accommodate my supervisor and colleague.  I would than engage both of them to establish a policy to resolve such conflicts in the future.  For example, I might suggest that a person who most recently took vacation might have a lower priority ranking than someone who has not recently taken leave.
I would change my vacation plan unless there was an urgent reason not to.  An urgent reason might be planned surgery for an immediate family member or an out-of-town wedding.  If it were one of these situations, I would discuss it with my colleague and my boss and try to work out a compromise.
If I do not have any reservations made, I would concede. I would pick another week to keep the peace with my coworker. If I had already made some plans, I would suggest that we each take a portion of the week (Mon-Thur, Fri-Sun) and then each take the necessary number of days before the week and after (Fri-Sun week prior, Mon-Thur week after). That way we could each get at least some of the days we want, and the charges to change my reservations would be kept to a minimum.
First i will request him to change his plans and if he doesn't change it then i will change my plans. I will make sure to let my supervisor know that this time i changed it but next time if that happens my colleague has to change it
It would depend on if mine were set in stone (i.e. I was going to lose money on a deposit or not be able to go a different week). If that was the case, I would ask the supervisor who had asked for time off first and suggest that that person get to keep their week. If mine was more flexible, then I would just change to a different week, but let the colleague know that it was a one-time thing.
I would first talk to my family and find out if our plans can be changed.   If my family had no issues in delaying our vacation for a week or two, then I would accept working the week my collegue wants to go.  If my family cannot go in a later week or two, then I would ask some type of payment or value to compensate for me for my lost amount of vacation.
I would talk to my supervisor. If I had scheduled my vacation first then I would expect him to make my colleague switch their vacation. If I had scheduled second then I would change without being told.
I would talk with my supervisor and explain that I had requested the vacation first. I would ask if it was possible for the other colleague change their vacation for the next week so I could keep my vacation the same.
I would be flexible.  I would state my case strongly only if I had nonrefundable plans.  I would try to accommodate this one time.
I would talk with my colleague and discuss with them about their plans. If mine were able to be changed, I would allow them to take that week. However, if my plans involved cancellation fees or something of the like I would try to convince my colleague to compromise.
We have to figure out a way to choose who was going to get that time frame. I think the most Fair Way would be to go with who submitted the time off request first.
I would see how much it would cost me.  That is,  personally or financially.  If the cost is high, I would escalate the problem to my boss.
I would change my plans as needed and cancel my vacation request. I was in the Air Force, so I am used to putting the needs of my employer above my own needs when at all possible. I would not want to create an unfriendly relationship with my coworker and it would make me look like a team player.
First, I would talk to my partner. I would tell him to explain each one why we are asking for vacations. If I think his reasons are better than mine, I will change, otherwise, I will not.
I would see if there is a way for us both to go. I probably already paid for a vacation so it can't be changed. The company will just have to work with us.
I would check with my family and see if we could move our vacation to a different time with reasonable effort. Then if so, then I would work with the supervisor to find another appropriate time for me to take leave. At worst, I think we may have to cancel a few reservations if we'd already made them, and be able to adjust our schedule.
I would go ahead and rearrange my schedule and take the week off that my colleague refused. Who knows it might be show my boss that I am willing to rearrange my life for the job.
I would base my decision on the plans I had made.  If it were possible to change my own plans I would.  It would forever color my perception of my colleague.  If I could not change my plans I would explain my dilemma to my boss and he he could persuade my colleague to change his plans.  If it were important enough to me, I might tell my boss I'd have to leave his company.  Off-time is very important to me.
I would change my plans, as I have the run into this scenerio just recently.  I was told that a pregnant employee  was due to deliver, and I was, and have always been very flexible in my requests for vacation time.  I don't have a rigid life that way.
I would involve the supervisor. Most companies determine vacation time by which employee requested the time off first and/or by seniority. If my "colleague" refuses to negiotiate then a  supervisor must be involved.
I would tell the supervisor that the person that asks for the week off first should get it. I feel that it is the only way to be fair. I should not have to give up my chance just because they do not want to.
I would change my vacation week. I think it would show my employer that I am easy going, and that I try to do what is best for the company. I think my employer would remember that when the next promotion or evaluation came up.
I would have little choice but to change my plans in this case and would have to accept the decision of the supervisor in this case.
I would see if I'm not locked down to a date, I would take this challenging time to analyze and see why I am receiving restriction in trying to leave on vacation, maybe it would be best to go a different day anyway, call me superstitious, but Maybe a different day would mean a different outcome for this vacation. I try to pay attention to the signs of life, although it doesn't always work.
I would start by looking at who requested the time first.  If I had my request in before my colleague, I would not give in and I would keep my vacation time.  If she put her request in before I did, I would change my vacation dates.  If we did it at the same time, I would ask my manager to make the decision.
I would go ahead and change my vacation plans as I am much more flexible. It would not even be a second thought to me. I would go ahead and make arrangements to change my vacation plans no problem. Work is what allows me to have vacation so as a loyal employee I would not have a problem changing my vacation dates.
i would be ok to change my plans. i would want to make sure that i did not have any important plans for my vacation. i would  want my coworker to know that i am making a sacrifice for him. i would want to make sure that my boss knows that i am willing to comprimise for the company.
I would change my date as long as I didn't already have a vacation planned. If I switched my days, I would expect my coworker to cover me for my future vacation.
I would let them have the days assuming that they buy me lunch for that day. If they did this then my plans can still be changed no problem. If they don't buy me lunch well then we will have to play rock paper scissors.
BEING A FAIR PERSON I WOULD ASK FOR ANOTHER TIME SLOT FOR MY VACATION.This will help the company and perhaps I will get a bonus or raise for my willingness to be flexible.
I would think about what I have planned for that week and ask what their vacation plans are. I would then determine who requested vacation first. If I had plans that it would cost me $ to change I would speak to my supervisor about this. If I didn't have any real plans I would cancel my vacation request. If I don't get a fair resolution I will go to HR
Well depending on my vacation plans I would more than likely change my vacation to another week.  If I had something planned for my vacation I would try to persuade my colleague to change their dates.  If I put my vacation request in first I would want to take my vacation first.
I would ask the supervisor who put in the request first. I would then tell the supervisor whoever put the request in first should get to take the vacation. I would then be the one who got to take my vacation because I know I would of put in for the request at least 2 months in adavance. While on vacation I would take annoyingly bragging photos to send to my colleague each day.
I would be very angry with my colleague. I would probably go talk to HR about this situation and try to find a resolution. I would explain how this is extremely unfair to me and why my colleague got special treatment.
I would have to change my vacation. I would tell my supervisor and colleague that I will do it this time, but next time my colleague needs to let me select my vacation first.
I would be annoyed and want to keep my vacation. I would ask my boss who put the request in first. If it was my colleague, I'd change my plans. If it was me, I'd ask my boss to treat this as a first come first serve scenario.
I would be the bigger person and change my vacation time. Something like that is not worth fighting over or making a big scene about. Unless money was spent on a big vacation, I would ask my  supervisor who requested off first.
I would find out who asked first for vacation time. After which, if the other had been precipitous then it would be only right that they would go at their time. If, i had been the one who'd asked first then I would require the supervisor to instate a change.
If I was able to change my plans then I would.  Unless it was a family emergency or if tickets were already bought, I would try very hard to accomodate my co-worker.  If for any reason that I could not change my plans, I would inform my supervisor that I was unable to change my plans.  There may be a financial burden.  After this fiasco, I would ensure that my work partner and I better coordinate our vacation times.
I would have my supervisor handle it.  That is why they are the supervisor, to deal with stuff like that.  I should not be required to change my plans just because my colleague is stubborn.  Vacation can be decided based on any number of factors including seniority, previous amounts of vacation taken that year, as a reward for hard work, etc. My responsibility is to my supervisor and company, not to my colleague.
I would ask for a meeting with the 3 of us in attendance to discuss the vacation conflict.  I would point out that I had requested my vacation time well in advance and it has been on the calendar for about a month while my colleague requested the same vacation week only a week ago without checking the vacation calendar or just disregarding it.  If push came to shove and I could, I would pull rank and seniority.
