I would have a conversation with my colleague and ask why they were inflexible on their plans. If my plans did not involve airline tickets and hotel stays already paid for, I could be flexible.
I usually don't book vacations until I know I can take time off so I would change my week.  It also would make me feel better that I didn't have to make someone change their plans.  Plus, we should always keep the boss happy.
I would change my vacation plans. It would make me look better to my supervisor because I am able to be flexible. It will also make my colleague indebted to me in the future.
I would be forced to change my vacation days even though I would not be happy about it. Next year I would.put I'm for it earlier. And I probably wouldn't talk to that colleague for awhile
I would likely change my vacation plans. I would do this because it would make me look good in the eyes of my boss. It would also give me some sway over the other coworker so it is a win win for me.
I would let my colleague take the week vacation.  I feel that it would bring good karma to me and maybe he had more things planned than myself.  I think it is always a good idea to do good things for others.  I would hope he would repay the favor if it would to come of that.
I would change my vacation plans for this time period and put my vacation request earlier for my next desired vacation so that I would get it.  I would also tell my colleague that I would let him know what my next week would be so we could plan different weeks.  I would do this because I think it would be fair.
I think our boss should weigh in on this decision. It might also be a good idea to just flip a coin. Or maybe total up each of our hours worked and whoever put in more hours gets to take the vacation time they want.
I would talk to my colleague and see if they were willing to change the vacation date because I really need to have this week off. If the colleague was not willing to change it I would go talk to my boss. I would explain to my boss that I would still like to have the week off I requested but if it is not possible than I will take the week after. I would do this like this because I think it would make it easier and I would not want to start a workplace conflict over a vacation week
We will have to see who was the last to take a vacation. Whoever was last, will be the one that has to wait until the other gets back. Thats how it would be fair.
I would change my vacation plans. It wouldn't really make a difference if I changed them. This college is my friend!
I would probably look into taking a different week for my vacation. I would do this because my job is important to me. I would not want to cause a big hassle. My vacation plans could be changed easier then finding a new job.
I would talk to my colleague first to see if I could reason with them. If that still didn't work, I would eventually take my vacation after them. I would do this because I wouldn't want to cause any conflict and I want to show people at my job that I was the mature one.
I would concede to my colleague in the interest of team spirit and collegiality at work. At the same time, I would also propose that we take a look at the following year's calendar and make some tentative plans for the following year's vacation schedules. My hope would be that my teammate would take the hint and allow me first dibs on vacation dates for the year after this one. If needed, I would make such a suggestion directly to my colleague.
I would then just allow my coworker to go ahead and take the vacation. Reason for that is since it is a vacation, not emergency, I am fine with delaying my vacation just so that everyone is happy. On top of that the situation never mention rather if my traveling itinerary was already created or not. Base on the information I assume I have not made traveling arrangement and the like, so with that in mind I will not create any conflicts between me and the workplace. Further more, my coworker owe me one. Perhaps in the future when I need assistant, this can be use to barter.
I would ask them if they had planned a vacation to go somewhere. I would ask them to discuss who is going on a non refundable vacation. If they are going on a trip somewhere besides a stay cation I would be willing to choose a another week.
I would first see who put in for vacation first. if I put in for it first I will just simply let them know that I have already made arrangements and paid for my vacation. I would suggest that my colleague rethink his time.
I would be willing to change my plans and use my vacation at a different time if I didn't have any specific plans for vacation such as taking a trip.  If that is not possible I would suggest going by whomever has more seniority and been there the longest should get first dibs.  That is the only fair way to decide.
I would sit down with this fellow employee and ask him/her why they cannot change their plans.  I would also explain why it's so important for me to be able to take my vacation.  Lastly, I would speak with my wife about potentially changing our vacation plans.
I would definitely be suspect as to why they didn’t want to share their plans. I would share the plans and if they were not important would switch the days. I would expect my coworker to do me a favor in the future.
It would depend on if I had made reservations and flight arrangements for a vacation that I couldn't cancel.  If I was just spending the time at home, I would change my week to accomodate.
I would suggest that the matter should be settled based on who first requested the time off. In the event that the requests were both made at the same time, the individual with the most seniority should be allowed to take the time off. If these solutions cannot work the supervisor should make the decision.
I would change my plans as long as I did not buy plane tickets already. I am always willing to help someone else out. My vacations are flexible I can work around someone else.
I would talk with my supervisor and ask if they approve of this.  If I had nothing specific planned, I would be willing to change my vacation date.  I would remind my supervisor that I would hope this would not happen again.
I would change my vacation plans because I would not want to cause a dispute over vacation. I am usually pretty flexible, and this would be an easy way to maybe gain some priority in vacation time if it comes up again. I just think there are more important things to argue about.
I would ask, once again, if the coworker would be willing to change their plans. If it wasn't possible, and they coworker seemed like it was important to them, I would talk about changing my date for vacation. I would make sure to let my coworker know that I was changing my plans, and that they should know that I was the one who forfeited my original plans, to show flexibility at work.
I would still request the same vacation days and I would let my supervisor no that I need those days to coordinate with my wife's vacation days and my kids. If I cannot get those days then it really doesn't matter because any other days means I am vacationing by myself
I would try to change my dates.  If I could not change my dates, I would go to my coworker again and ask if they could change.  If the coworker will not change the dates, I would go to my supervisor and ask again.
I would be willing to sit and talk with him about this. I think it might be fair if the person who requested the time off first was given the time off. I think the supervisor could just make sure that he picks the person to have the time off. If my colleague doesn’t like that, then they can go somewhere else.
I would ask my supervisor who requested the vacation time first and then ask my supervisor to give the vacation days to the person who requested it first. i would respond this way because my colleague does not want to change their plans and I do not think I should have to change my plans either if I had asked first.
I would change my requested vacation days. This would show that I am willing to be a compromising colleague. Hopefully, my actions will show the correct way to work with other colleagues.
I would be the one to go ahead and change my vacation plans. I would make arrangements to postpone until a later date because my supervisor has made it clear that it would have a negative effect if we are both gone. My changing my vacation plans would demonstrate that I am flexible and that I put the needs of others ahead of my own.
I would approach my colleague and ask them when they had requested the week off. If I had requested it first I would ask them to reconsider changing their plans. If not I would have to take the  situation to the next level at HR if I had requested the week off first. If they requested it first I would do my best to change my plans.
I would say that who ever has been here longer should be able to get the week off. And if we cant come to an agreement either of us shoild take the week off
I would most likely take the high road and accept a different week. Unless I had already made reservations that were not refundable it wouldn't matter to me if I took another week. I understand my supervisor's concerns and agree that it would be best if only one of us were out at a time. I believe that my cooperation would make me a better candidate for advancement in my career path at a future date. My supervisor may think of me as a team player, which I am, and a dedicated employee.
I would schedule my vacation for a different week. By doing that I would agree to my colleague getting their desired week off. However, in the future I will expect to get my desired week off.
i would change my vacation date. its not worth getting into an arguement over that. i dont mind being the person who bends. i think a flexible person is more valuable.  i would also tell my coworker to enjoy their vacation!
I would speak to my colleague about it and find out why they are unwilling to change their vacation plans and explain my side. It would also depend what my plans were and if I would be affecting others going on the trip, if it was refundable/changeable, etc. If it came down to it and my colleague was unwilling to change his/her plans and I was unable to, I would explain my position to my boss. They likely could not afford to fire us both, and there are always other jobs out there.
I would tell my colleague that I've had this vacation planned for quite some time and I haven't taken a vacation in years. I would explain to them that I would cover a shift anytime this year that they wanted but I really can't give up my vacation. I would tell them that this is the only chance I get to be with family since I don't leave near them.
I would go ahead and see if it was possible to change my plans for a different week, because my colleague couldn't.  I would explain that although I don't believe that I should have to change my dates, I am willing to for the greater good of the company.
If I asked for the week first, I would insist that I get that week. Also, if I had more seniority or was at a higher organizational level, I should get dibs on the week. Otherwise, I would let the colleague have it. This would seem to be fair.
I would try to work to change my vacation if possible.  If not, I would ask my boss if we could use tenure as a way to break the tie on the vacation week.  Worst case I would have to work and look good knowing I was the bigger man.
If I had not planned my vacation yet, it would be easy for me to take another week off instead. If I had non-refundable deposits I would be upset and see if the boss would work with me. If my vacation was approved ahead of time then this would be a situation for management to handle, not leave it up to two co-workers.
It would depend on if I already booked my vacation or not. If I already had something booked, i would let my boss know that i have plans that can't be changed. Otherwise, i think it would be easy to plan a vacation a different week instead. I don't want to appear too inflexible.
I would talk to my managers again about the situation at hand. My colleague and I are both giving adequate notice about our upcoming vacation plans. It is the manager's job to make sure there is adequate coverage. It is not our responsibility to change our plans.
I would change my vacation. it would be better for me down the line. I would make friends with the coworker and they would do it for me.
If my vacation didn't involve travel or firm plans, I would probably change my vacation time. Unless we requested the time off at exactly the same moment though, whoever turned in the request first should get that time off.
I would try to determine which of us it would be easier to switch our weeks. Do either the other person or myself have reservations that cannot be changed? If the other person did not, and my plans could be changed, I would speak to my supervisor and possibly change.  I would find out who requested the week off first.  I would find out both sides of the story.  Who all would be effected by these changes? Find out from the supervisor why it is necessary for one person to change.  Where these dates ok's per the supervisor, and she made a mistake?
I would assess my vacation plans and see if they are able to be changed. If not, I would request that the supervisor select who would receive the vacation. If they are unable to, I would suggest that we randomly pick the name of the person who should receive it.
It depends on who requested the vacation during that time first or if travel arrangements have already been made. If I had already requested and arranged for it, I would put my foot down and tell the supervisor I asked for it first so should have priority. If not, I might be willing to accommodate their travel plans and simply schedule mine for a week before or a week after.
I would see if my vacation is flexible and change it if it is. I would do this because it would keep the peace at work and help my coworker out. If this wouldn't work, I would have a conversation with my coworker about the situation.
My response would depend on several variables not provided in this scenario. It would be extremely unlikely that we both requested vacation at the exact same instant; therefore, one of us requested vacation first. The person who requested it first should have the right of first refusal. Additionally, it is unknown to me whether either of us have concrete plans. Personally, I don't make vacation plans (like booking flights, hotel rooms, renting condos, etc) until I have verified that I have the week off from my supervisor. If it is just a week I was thinking about, but nothing specific is going on (say perhaps a wedding) I'll happily give up the week and make my plans for another week. Sometimes I just take off for a week to work on household projects -- again, I'd happily switch that to another week.     In the end, if the colleague requested it first, it should be his. If I requested it first, it should be mine. But as I say, I'd give it up if I don't have anything important going on that week.
I would bring it up to the supervisor and explain that we are going to be absent.  I feel it's important that everyone is treated fairly,   I wouldn't say to him that you deserve more because then he will take advantage of me.
I would let the other person have the vacation time. I's a  would not want to have problems with them at work. I can always reschedule my plans and I don't think it's a big deal.
The above paragraph suggests that I requested vacation first so, to my mind, I should be the one to get it.  But in the interest of cooperation, I'd talk to the other person to see if he/she really needed to take the vacation that week and compare it to my own situation.  If it would be easy to change my own plans than I would let the the other person take that week. If not, I would talk to my manager and try to get some feedback about what I should do.  The bottom line is that I would never fight over vacation time.  If the other person wanted that week that much, I'd just let him/her have it.
I would try to come up with some type of compromise. I would go to my supervisor and have a conversation. I would ask my supervisor to honor the request of whoever requested first.
I would also not change my plans. I would ask the supervisor who put in their plans first and grant it to them. You do not want to seem like a pushover because then people will walk all over you.
I would plan my vacation later and give priority to my colleague per his needs. I would talk with my Family members and share the next vacation dates with them so that they can prepare accordingly.  My Supervisor will be relieved as won't face staffing issues.  My work life and personal life both are important for me, so I would postpone my vacation dates considering my colleagues urgency.
I would change my vacation to a different week. It would not be a burden on me. Also, it would look good to my supervisor that I was a cooperative employee. I would use that opportunity to get in good with my supervisor and leverage my cooperative attitude to get future things, like raises, promotions, etc.
I would say we needed to be fair on this issue and have a toss up.  Something where we both have a chance to get time off in a equally fair way. It would not be ethical for one person just to say, "I will not change".
I change. I don't care. I'm not there to Be a little jerk. As long as I still get the vacation it doesn't seem like a big issue
I would talk to my colleague first and see what the plans were for the vacation and how flexible they are. If the other person had plans that were depending on pre paid items, I would change my plans. I think that I could be more flexible if they really needed that week. We could find a win/win situation.
I would not budge. My fellow worker's vacation needs are no more important than mine. I'd leave it to management to make the decision as to who needs to change their plans.
I would take one for the team.  I would reschedule and change my plans.  I think doing this would make the boss really like the way i handled myself.  I also think my coleague would owe me one.
I would change my vacation if I hadn't put any money down that I would lose. It would be annoying that my coworker was not budging, but I don't think it is that big of a deal. It would also make me look like I am willing to work for the betterment of the company.
I would take the time to research who has seniority between us. If it is me, I would present the fact to my supervisor and suggest that the employee with seniority gets first choice in vacation. If it is not me, I would research who presented the vacation request first. It it is not me, I would take my vacation at a different time and let the matter go.
I would talk to my coworker about their vacation plans.  I would see if there was a compromise that we could come to mutually so that we could both have time off even if it wasn't exactly what we both wanted. If there was no way for the coworker to change their plans, I would see if there are alternative ways to have coverage.  I rarely take vacation time and when I do my plans are pretty much set.  I would point out to the boss that I work every holiday and rarely ask for specific vacation time, do everything I could to cover the time with either the coworker in question or possibly fill-ins and still take the time off.
I would talk to my colleague personally. I would see if we could come to an agreement together. Maybe we can switch off and reschedule some things to make it work in everyones favor.
I would take my vacation later on so I wouldn't cause any problems for work and so I dont cause problems for the company I'm working for.
It really depends on the details and what type of plans I had made.  If my plans were flexible, I would volunteer to take an different week off.  It seems that my colleague is unable to change his plans since he is not willing to try, so I would try to work something out.  I can definitely understand why our supervisor won’t allow both of us to take off, so I feel that I should try to help the situation by choosing a different week.
I would talk to my colleague.  I would ask her what her plans were and how firm they were.  If she is unable to change her plans, I would change mine.
I would talk to the colleague and discuss our plans. I would try to compromise because I want to keep peace in the workplace. If I didn’t have any set plans, I would take another week in order to make things easier.
I would request that the other person take off another time.  I might also try to take another week off.  I would look into what the supervisor wants to do.
I would just change my vacation plans and tell my supervisor to cancel my request. I would do this because I would want to appear as the bigger person and not be petty and say I'm not going to change my vacation dates. I also feel like my boss would remember this situation and next time if it happens he would tell my coworker that he or she needed to change their vacation plans.
As a writer, I can take my work with me, and don't mind taking some time during my vacation to keep up. As such, this situation would not pose a problem for me. Since I'm paid by the hour, I would in fact welcome the opportunity to keep making some money while traveling.
I would change my week unless I had made and paid for reservations. If I had paid for reservations I would provide that information to my boss and my colleague. I would explain that I would have changed my plans if I did not already pay for my vacation.
If my colleague is not willing to change her time off then I will cancel my plan and will plan my vacation some other wk as my colleague is not just my colleague she is my friend too and I am willing to do that for my friend
I would first ask my supervisor who had requested the time off first. Then I would talk to my coworker and get the details of his trip. I feel as though the time off would be best given to the person who has more at stake with cancelling their trip.
I would also not volunteer to change my plans. I would explain what I already had planned to my colleague. If this did not work then I would ask the boss to go by seniority.
I would first consider whether it was easy to change my vacation dates. If so, I would change with no issue. If it would be difficult or cost me more money, I would implore management to consider who made the first request for PTO.
I would want to find out which one of us has requested this time off first.  Which one of us has more seniority.  Also, I would want to find out how much this person has invested his time in the company.  If the times are more than my own then I would pick another week to ask off for vacation.  If the other party has less seniority and less times then I would not want to change my vacation dates.
I would find out how much time and money my colleague has invested so far in her vacation plans. If it is a lot I would DEMAND that I get the week, unless she is willing to compensate me for my trouble.  I would also find out who has been with the company the longest, who had vacation last, etc. and use all the stuff that would support my deserving the choice, and of course, none of anything that would show I didn't deserve it.
I would argue that I put in for the vacation time first before my colleague did and this should be on a first come first serve basis and I would even remind my supervisor that I am more senior than her
I would ask the Supervisor if He thought it was fair that My colleague should be able to take the vacation week when I had already requested it. I would then state that it was not fair to do that when I had already put in for that week. If My Supervisor did not respond accurately and made us decide between Us, then I would make sure that I was the better performing employee and then I would proceed to go to Human Resources.
I would contemplate how important it really is to take my vacation that week. If possible, I would change my plans for either the week before or week after when I originally planned to vacation. If my plans were set in stone, I would ask my supervisor if we could have a sit down and I would explain that my plans cannot be changed and how important they are to me.
I would offer to change my plans. I am a pretty easy going person and if my co worker is unwilling to compromise then I will. I like to please others and keep things less tense in the workplace.
I would talk to them about why they need that week in particular.  If there is a reason that it can't be another week, then I would reschedule.  If there was no valid reason, I would suggest the supervisor flip a coin.
